Swipe to see more Adult Games!

dont-stop-the-camera

hentai-jigsaw-christmas

king-of-bali

magical-monstergirls-academy

tactics-elemental

holodexxx-origins

custom-order-maid-3d-2-esq

princess-daphne

forest-of-the-beasts

our-lovely-escape

Log in to change and save custom font settings

November 2025 update is live! We are improving site performance and adding new features based on your feedback. Exciting changes coming to Author Profiles early next year!

Switch back to Classic.

Help us make Literotica better, let us know what you think.

A brief introduction I'm a 65 year old American man that works for a software development company in Houston Texas. I travel around the world setting up systems for various companies a job I truly enjoy being single it gives me the opportunity to travel as well as a good earning job.

My last job took me to Jakarta Indonesia where I was setting up software systems for a financial institution. I really enjoy working in Southeast Asia the women there are outstanding and that's a big plus.

This job was expected to take two or three days and being on an expense account I didn't care how long it took to be honest. I'm in good shape nonsmoker very light drinker the right weight for my height I try to take care of myself but I can't change the fact that I'm 65 years old.

This being my first trip to Jakarta I really didn't know anything about the place and started to do some research found that there were bars with girls available in an area called M Block. After work on a Friday night I had dinner and decided to take a walk over and see what it was all about.

As was stated on the internet there were a few bars with willing girls working so I settled in for a drink I didn't like the music and it got pretty boring so I left this bar in search of better surroundings.

Stopping at a bar a few doors away with better music I felt more at home. I ordered a drink and a very very pretty Indonesian girl requested if it would be okay if she sat with me. I agreed and right away bought her a drink.

We made small talk I told her I was in town working only for a couple of days she asked about my marital status I told her I was single. When I replied and asked her about her status she said she was married although unhappily. It seems her husband was a young Indonesian that was a DJ in one of the clubs. She told me most young Indonesian men are only interested in drinking gambling and playing video games that's what their life revolves around.

At this point I was scared to ask her how old she was but I figured it would come to that eventually so I just flat out ask her I was guessing maybe 25 or 26. I was a little taken back when she told me she was only 20. I explained to her I was 65 to which she replied right away that that was a very good age she actually told me she was attracted to older gray-haired gentleman. A couple of drinks later and small talk she asked if I wanted her to go back to my hotel with me. I asked her if she was sure this is what she wanted she insisted that this is exactly what she wanted. I told her okay I would happily pay her bar fine so she could come back with me.

She then informed me that she was not a bar girl she didn't work in that bar she only frequents it once in awhile in search of a partner for sex. I was a little shocked at her open honesty but the good thing was there was no secret as to what was going to happen and why we're leaving together.

I asked her if she was hungry she wasn't I stopped and bought a bottle of vodka and some orange juice and off to the hotel we went. She wasted little time and said she would shower. I asked her if we could shower together she preferred separate showers which was fine with me 15 minutes later she comes out wrapped in a towel I wrapped in a towel went into the bathroom for my shower she settled into the bed and turned on the TV.

A few minutes later clean as a whistle I popped out got under the covers with her we made small talk and slowly her hand wrapped around my cock we didn't speak we just laid there now she massaged my prick I sucked on her small nipples. They were very hard and erect I enjoyed the attention she was giving my cock and she seemed to enjoy my attention to her tits. I kissed my way down to her furry patch I was very happy to see that she had a nice trimmed bush.

I gently massaged her stomach while I slowly started to lick the hood of her clitoris. I'm sure she enjoyed it as I continued I pulled back the little Hood to see her blood engorged clitoris standing at attention it was a bit bigger than most I had ever seen and I enjoyed devouring it I worked my way down her pussy until I got to her asshole. I licked and sucked her asshole which made her twitch and squirm. I told her if she didn't like it I would stop but I enjoyed rimming her she said It felt really nice and no one had ever done that to her before.

I continued to rim her for 10 or 15 minutes then made my way back up to her clitoris she used her hands to gently spread herself open and expose it to me I went to work on it and it wasn't but 3 or 4 minutes and the uncontrollable twitching and jerking began at which time I had knew she got her climax her breathing went from heavy to very calm. We rested for a minute or two and she asked me if it was okay if she smoked I told her it was a terrible habit and I didn't do it but of course if she wanted by all means she was welcome to.

She said she was only a very light smoker but the way she lit the cigarette and inhaled so deeply and exhaled so slowly told me otherwise. She said to me the only time she ever smokes is after she achieves her climax only then does she smoke ever. She said it really helps her to relax and brings her down from the excitement of the sex. Interesting but who was I to complain she was 45 years younger than me and seemed to want me. In the meantime I had a hard-on that could cut glass. She put her cigarette out and proceeded to massage my cock I told her too much of that and I was going to make a mess all over her hand she slowly went down licked my prick a little bit looked up at me and said that she really wasn't that into blowjobs but she could a little bit. She lick my shaft sucked my balls and stroked me until I produced a fair amount of pre-cum.

She asked if I had a condom I told her I don't because at my age whenever my partner tries to put the condom on my cock goes soft. She said that's okay most older men are completely clean and that was the case with me she laid down open her legs bent her knees back held the lips of her pussy open. I massaged the head of my cock up and down on her pussy until she became very wet with one firm thrust I was balls deep in her hot Indonesian cunt.

It had been a while since I'd had pussy and I knew I wasn't going to last long I warned her it would probably be a short ride she said that was quite all right. I don't think I lasted five minutes of thrusting she said she was not on the pill but it was okay if I blew my nuts deep inside her because she uses the morning after pill she reached down and massage my balls and as I got ready to blow my load she knew what was coming because my balls got real tight and I fucking had an unbelievable blow out deep inside her hot little hole. We stayed together for a few minutes and then I rolled off catching my breath just relaxing.

After the shower I went I came back a couple of minutes later she was in a severe bout of masturbation it turned me on to watch her she wasn't the least bit shy I laid next to her and sucked on her nipples while she worked her love button a few minutes later came that ever so noticeable moaning and groaning when she got her cookies. She just laid Motionless Lit another cigarette and just relaxed. I told her if she was a regular smoker it wouldn't bother me but she insisted only after she achieved sexual satisfaction did she ever smoke she said she actually didn't like to have it but there was something about that cigarette after she achieved an orgasm that was wonderful.

I asked her how many cigarettes she smokes a day jokingly she said at least one she said while her husband seldom can make her climax she has an extremely high sex drive and if she cannot find an older willing companion during the evenings when her husband is working as the DJ she spends the evening relaxing and masturbating herself. I Love This Girls honesty.

She showered got dressed I offered her taxi fare which she refused called a friend that picked her up. Thanked me for the time as I did her. I was leaving the next morning early but told her I'd like to keep in touch I got her line ID she told me to contact her when I get back to town a trip to Jakarta I won't soon forget.

Jennifer Lee deals with a shakedown at her new club.

in Interracial Love

Chinese coeds experience sexual awakening...

in First Time

Diminutive asian girl discovers her date has a huge cock.

in Erotic Couplings

Fun starts on the plane next to an Asian woman.

in Reluctance/NonConsent

Former student takes advantage of his fantasy girl.

in Reluctance/NonConsent

All contents © Copyright 1996-2025. Literotica is a registered trademark. Reproduction prohibited without written permission. Characters in all stories are over 18. DMCA / 2257

Version 1.42.1+8d1e1051.f3509b1