the neighbourhood - everybody's watching me
𝔚𝔚𝔚
Celina"It's all gonna be so perfect."
I have the strongest desire to gag as the woman sighs dreamily and claps her hands together. "A May wedding in the Hamptons, what girl wouldn't want that?"
The question is rhetorical, but my glare speaks volumes.
Me.
I don't fucking want that.
But Pissy seems too lost, vicariously living her dream through me to care.
She shoves a white flower into my hair, and examines it.
I yank it out and crush it in my fist.
In all honestly, my bitchness was never this excessive. I was usually subtle, diabolical and far too evil to resort to snobby. But I'd been woken up at the ass crack of dawn - nine a.m - by a dying hyena like voice and didn't have the time to calibrate my brain.
It would seem as though Adrik Kozlov - the man who refused to have anyone in his wing of the manor - had made an exception for Missy Mae Whatever The Fuck. And I was sure it was with the sole purpose of torturing me.
"Although it is a bit odd having to plan a wedding on such short notice." She ignores me like my antics aren't new to her and picks a pink flower, holding it a distance from my face and studying it. "I mean-nine weeks is barely enough time to plan a birthday party let alone a proper high society wedding."
Nine weeks?
I narrow my eyes. The wedding was in three weeks time, and we'd only made the arrangement just over a week ago. Meaning that Adrik Kozlov was five steps ahead in a game I hadn't even started.
She turns to her notebook move onto the next task of the day, while I'm stuck processing her words. "Wait a second, Pissy."
"Missy." She corrects.
I choose to ignore her.
"What exactly do you mean by high society?" This
marriage was to convince Silvio, not New York's most influential. But perhaps I'd been too narrow minded in my rage to see that for Adrik Kozlov it could be different."A high profile wedding like this has a highly exclusive guest list." She continues as though she's explaining basic arithmetic to a child. No shit. "News spreads fast here. All of Manhattan's already talking about this wedding."
I grit my teeth. If this isn't confirmation I'm steps behind, than I don't know what is.
"In all honestly it's a bit nerve racking for me." She sighs, continuing on with her monologue. "All the ladies at La Haute have got eyes on this, if I screw this up...."
I block out the rest of what she's saying and instead watch after the woman in a pink pantsuit parading around the kitchen, and realise she talks, a lot.
And the mention of the La Haute - a society of upper class women, bored to death with their lives and desperate for the validation that came with being apart of an exclusive clique, tells me she likes to gossip, a lot.
I'd need to be careful around her.
"...The last time I did a royal wedding, It was for the British Royal Family, but even then I had months to plan-"
"Royal wedding?" I snort, cutting her off.
There was nothing royal about an arranged marriage between a mob boss and an exceptionally beautiful Egyptian. And I bet if she knew, she'd have a pretty little meltdown.
One I was desperate to see.
I lean against the island and tilt my head at her. "Do you know who Adrik Kozlov really is?"
Pausing, the middle aged woman blinks at me blankly. "He's Russian royalty, everyone around here knows it."
"Russian royalty?" I bark out a laugh that startles her enough to make her cringe.
A mob boss, the head of the Russian bratva?
Royalty my ass.
"Sweet, sweet, Pissy." Straightening out, I slowly make my way towards her in a way that seems to make her slightly alarmed. Good. "The only Royal thing about Adrik Kozlov is his ability to fool simple minded individuals like yourself that he's anything but a cold blooded-"
"Mr. Kozlov!" Her eyes move over my shoulder and her face lights up. "What a pleasant surprise it is to see you on this fine afternoon."
And that high that slowly builds at eliciting fear slowly creeps down into disappointment as his gaze burns the back of my head.
He doesn't say anything, nor does he make his presence outwardly known.
He doesn't have to.
Turning, I face the royal pain in my ass while Missy scurries about, nervously behind me.
He looks much like he always does.
Clean, put together, perfect.
His dark hair tamed, his eyes perceptively sharp, and even when his features are relaxed into a blank look, his face is chiselled.
Adorned in his signature suit, without a wrinkle or spec out of place, he stands in the large space that is the living room, his presence swallowing all the attention from around him.
I had yet to see this man in anything but a suit, and for a moment, my dirty mind wanders to what he'd look like without it.
Worship worthy I'd imagine. But his physically attractive glory would all go to shit the moment he'd open his mouth.
I hadn't seen much of him last night, nor had I particularly sought him out after he'd left me with Sitto. I'd slept in the guest room with her, leaving him alone to his room in an act of silent gratitude.
He doesn't look all the grateful, though. Not as he stares me down, a stare that to everyone around us looks indecipherable. But I know that he's displeased with me.
"We were just about to do some cake tasting," I hear her open the fridge behind me, "But don't worry, I won't bother you with any of that."