The Weeknd - Lost In The Fire𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaSteam. Warmth. Stillness.
Lukewarm water hugs every inch of my bare skin as I submerge into the tub, while the pressure all around me begins to ease the thoughts flowing through my mind.
Like how I could get out of this.
How I wasn't going through with this.
How I'd rather commit murder than let him take me down the aisle.
My senses dull for as long as I'm able to hold my breath, and when I emerge does every semblance of peace wash away in depths of deep blue.
Intense and dark, his demeanour is one of intimidation as he stands in his bathroom, crisp suit, shaved face, and all perfect angles while he holds a duffel bag in his hand.
It's mine.
"We leave in twenty."
I look from the bag up to the hard ridges of muscle around his tight jaw.
He and I both know that bag isn't one I'd packed to run off to a summer house and get married. It's one I packed with the sole intention of escaping the tyrant that was him.
I don't bother with a response.
Not only had I mastered the art of shutting the fuck up, but in the past twenty four hours, I'd got to witness the slow and torturous demise of Adrik Kozlov.
I wasn't speaking to him and he was slowly loosing his mind over it.
I saw it in the way his eyes strayed to me when he thought I wasn't looking, like he was almost anxious about my behaviour.
I saw it in the way he somehow found an excuse to end up in my vicinity, every time, as though he couldn't help himself.
And I saw it in way he -in his own, two syllable words - tried talking to me yet failed to get a response, every single time.
Large calloused fingers tighten around the handle of my duffle bag, as though he's doing everything in his power not to tear it to shreds.
Common sense tells me he's minutes, if not seconds from doing so. Which is what prompts me to rise from my position in his oversized bathtub. I stand, with my back to him and take my time, pushing back my wet hair, and reaching down to the towel I'd laid out next to me.
His eyes, which I can't see, but can feel, stay glued to my backside. Burning a path from my wet hair as it cascades down my spine, all the way down to my ass.
It proves to be distracting enough to keep him eerily silent until I've stepped out of the bathtub, wrapped one of his towels around myself, and turned to face him.
The sight of his face, hard, emotionless yet somehow so perfect only adds fuel to the fire that burns in the pit of my stomach.
I hate him so much.
Yet despite wanting to be anywhere but near the man, I approach him but it's only to grab the handle of the duffle bag and pull it towards me.
His grip is unrelentingly strong. He doesn't let go, not when I yank it towards me, nor when I send him a hard look, one that depicts I'm clearly not in the mood.
Only when I yank a third time does his bored facade crumble enough to make way for agitation. With a single jerk of the duffle bag, I'm stumbling into him. And just as I right myself, a cold, large hand snakes it's way to grip the back of my neck and pull me right back into him.
Despite the warm sweet scents of my bath filling the air around us, his smell dominates the space between us.
Simple. Masculine. Clean.
Unbothered I stare ahead, not giving way to my racing pulse when he tilts my head and dips his head so close that his nose nudges mine as a harsh whisper escapes from beneath his breath. "You're not leaving me."
The blank look on my face tells him I plan on doing everything in my power to. Yet even then I refuse him in the only way I can. A smart mouth rebuke, a reaction, a hysterical fit.
I don't offer any.
And this precise moment is when I believe that patience he's had with me over the past twenty four hours begins to wear off.
In the time that he's forced me here and had me watched like a prisoner, I'd crashed two of his cars, keyed the other ones, trashed his bedroom, and tossed his engagement ring into the swamp like pond beyond the far garden.
I'm more than surprised that the man hasn't hurt or punished me in retaliation. Not only had I openly defied him but his men were all witness to my rampage.
A rampage he merely watched and remained calm in response to.
There were no punishments, no fights, not even an attempt to get even.
It was a bold move. Openly subjecting himself to an image that almost looked weak. Well, as weak as an emotionless mafia boss, with a knack for blowing people's heads off could seem.
Yet just as I think he's lost his patience, he takes me by surprise. All I get in response is three squeezes around my nape as he attempts to calm his anger before he takes a step away from me, and barks out a hoarse order. Get dressed, Ademaro."
Anger, far greater than before sparks and with one last glance at his face, where his eyes bore into me and his scar sits so permanently, I turn and storm into the mess of a room.
I kick past the pink luggage set, sent over and filled with bridal clothes and move to pick up a ripped oversized band T-shirt with the collar so large it hangs over my shoulder and shorts so short I know his eye is twitching in annoyance.
If he thought I was going to listen to him and be his compliant hostage, he had another thing coming.
The second I get dressed, I peek at him over my shoulder to see his attention down on his cellphone. Naturally, my gaze drifts to the door where I know guards sit at every exit in case I decide to be his runaway bride. And finally, I glance between the luggage signifying the doom that awaits if I choose to stay and the balcony doors.
There's an opportunity here, one only a fool would pass up.
And yet like the fool I am, I hesitate for a brief moment as I look back at him. I don't know why I feel a sudden rush of overwhelm, and I don't know why its so hard for me to see the truth for what it truly is.