Beach Weather - Sex, Drug, Etc
Italics dialogue mean they're speaking in Russian bc I'm too lazy to translate
𝔚𝔚𝔚
Adrik"Sleduyushchiy."
(Russian| Next)Tick.
Tick.
Tick.
It gets so quiet, the dials on the grandfather clock across the room echo throughout. It's nothing but a faint hum in a room bristling with stillness.
There's beauty in silence, desirability in its tranquility.
It's arguably the only source of beauty that I'd been gifted in this life, aside from the discovery of books, that is.
I sought it out whenever I could. Yet there were moments in my day to day life that required anything but.
Chaos, violence, and order.
It was a given in my position. I hadn't gotten here by soaking in silence and immersing myself in the knowledge offered through publication.
I fought to get to the top. Metaphorically and literally.
The man on the floor can't seem to hold it in any longer when he chokes up a pint of blood onto the mat, right next to his opponents feet.
It takes fifty five seconds for him to get up and limp towards the other losers while the ones still healthy enough to stand begin to replace the mats and prepare for the next fight.
Despite the bruises lining his cheeks, Dima stands undefeated amongst all of the others.
Two opponents remain and I glance towards them, expectantly.
A blonde woman steps forward and dips her head. "Forgive me, Adriko. I cannot fight with a broken nose."
This time the silence that follows her statement isn't one I find comfort in. It's one q filled with scrutiny.
I don't care if she had two broken limbs, she was still expected to fight and train like all the others. I hadn't built an army through letting my subordinates lounge around a mansion, eat all my food and get passes whenever they pleased.
They trained and fought. Everyday. No exceptions.
Yet for reasons unknown to man, my mind strays to her nose, while another sort of suspicion prickles my brain. "How?"
She looks up, surprised.
Yet I don't waste my time in indulging her curiosity with a verbal explanation. I do however, glance down at the stitches lining the bridge of her nose, while my mind strays to yet another nose injury I'd seen within the last forty eight hours.
Granted The Devil's nose wasn't as hideously bruised and swollen as this one's. But none the less, a coincidence.
I didn't believe in coincidences.
"The dogs." She clarifies, her gaze glued to my chin, stance straight. "I was feeding them alone and one attacked me."
No one ever looked me in the eye when speaking to me which is why I have no probable cause to conclude she's lying.
But I knew better than to take her word. My, now vegetable of a father had taught them all how to lie.
It was arguably the only thing he was good at in his miserable life.
"If you're lying to me, I'll find out," I say nonchalantly, my voice unbothered, yet loud enough to carry throughout the entire room and act as a promise to not only her, but everyone else beneath me. "And when I find out," My eyes seek her terrified ones. My words sharpen slightly. "You won't be lucky enough to die."
Simple yet effective, my words are meant for every person in this room. They all feared me so much, I'd be a fool to trust them.
I dismiss her just as quickly and look to the next opponent, who's practically shaking in his boots.
Dima gives a snort from his position. "My little sisters about to piss his pants, I think I already win."
Feo's face flushes as he glares at his twin. "Fuck off," But then the anger on his face vanishes when he looks to me and sends a sheepish look my way. "I forfeit."
While the brawn had gone to Dima in the womb, Feo got the brain. And the only reason why I let him get away with it, is his intellect. It made him a viable chess opponent, and those were hard to come by.
I dismiss him.
Heaving an internal sigh, I unbutton my shirt, fold it, and set it on a nearby surface before making my way into the ring, just as the smirk on Dima's face falls.
I ignore it and slip on my gloves, I wasn't planning on using my hands, but with the proximity, the possibility of unwanted touch isn't lost on me.
I nod to him once, and he's barreling towards me.
My instincts act solely on the revolting image of his body coming into contact with mine when I step out of his path and jam my foot into his stomach.
The precision of the kick knocks the wind out of him, but he doesn't fall. Not yet, at least.
My footwork is a skill I've perfected over the years, so much so that when he turns and aims a punch at my jaw, I twist my foot around his, and kick my heel back into the space behind his knee.
He goes down with a strained cry before his fist can come into contact with me, and I watch his large body tumble to the ground and fall silent.
I had yet to break a sweat, that's how easy it was.
I give my head a disappointed shake.
Like taking candy from a baby or reciting the periodic table by memory.
I let the silence sit between us all, and let it serve as nothing but a reminder of their failure.
Only peace and tranquility vanishes with the air that's swept out of the room when the doors of the training room burst open behind me. "You dick faced, stick up the ass jackass!"