Beyoncé - America Has A Problem
𝔚𝔚𝔚
Celina"You backstabbing whore!"
Steam pours from the room behind me as I step out of my bathroom and into the upturned room.
I was messy by default, but this mess wasn't of my own doing. "Natasha." I hum, clasping the towel at my chest and running my fingers through my wet hair in an attempt to get out the knots. "What an unpleasant surprise."
A stream of thick Russian escapes the girls mouth as she stands in the corner of my bedroom, hair a mess, sleep evident on her face in what I presume is her nightgown.
Her chest heaves and her eyes are blazed. She points her thin finger at me, while she glares between me and one of the dolls on the windowsill, shit talking me, with an inanimate object.
"Natasha, sweetheart," I sigh, approaching the escaped psych ward patient, sweetness dripping from my words. "It's three a.m and while I do appreciate whatever compliments your throwing at me, I think we both need our beauty sleep." I purse my lips and scan her features. "Some of us more than others."
Face dropping and eye twitching, I leave her there and spin around to hide my smile as I walk towards my bed where my suitcase lies.
It takes her two full minutes to recover and by that time my attention is now on picking out my sleepwear.
"You... you..."her voice transforms into a pathetic murmur as she slumps down onto my bed, telling me she's not getting the fuck out.
"How could you do this to me?" with an eye roll I drop my towel and begin to dress while the bitch has the audacity to sulk in a manner that has me almost feeling bad for her. "Adriko's the love of my life."
I slip on an oversized T-shirt and my sleeping shorts, "Well, the love of your life just so happened to choose me." Stepping up to her, I give an innocent shrug. "Maybe the glances we shared were meaningful enough for him to pop a ring on my finger."
I hold said ring up to her and watch as the sadness washes from her eyes and anger takes over.
Jumping off my bed, Natasha points a finger at me. "I will execute you." Her voice, coated in malice and promise does a solely nothing for me."Watch your back, homewrecker." Especially when you know shes fucked in the head.
I walk forward and place a hand on her frail little shoulder. "Would it make you feel better if I pretend to be scared."
She pauses, eyes darting to the side as if she's looking to the dolls for support before nodding at me in a way some - who don't know she'a bat shit crazy - might see as adorable. That is until she reaches behind her and pulls out a kitchen knife, pointing it at me.
"In that case." I sigh, my voice sincere as I approach her. "I'm not the least bit scared of your puppy dog ass." She doesn't even get the chance to attempt to stab me because I've already, twisted her wrist, grabbed the knife and tugged her hair just because shes that annoying. "Now get the fuck out of my room."
Betrayal flashes through her eyes as she gasps, hand grasping her skull and tears filling behind her eyes. "I'm not leaving until you divorce him!"
It's then and there as she plants herself on my bed once again that I decide I don't need to deal with this shit.
Turning around, I tuck the kitchen knife into my waistband, slide on a pair of slippers slip and leave her in the room as I head to the one place I can think of finding comfort in.
The kitchen.
Dinner was hours ago and while I'd stuffed myself to the brim, I had a sweet tooth for late night cravings.
I roam the dark hallways of the manor, while the world beyond the numerous windows I pass is swallowed in a darkness so pitch black, it's never ending.
The main floor is eerily still, with everyone inside sound asleep or tucked away in their own quarters.
A few distant lights illuminate my path as I go, yet when I get to the kitchen it's bound in darkness.I don't bother flicking on the lights. There was something eerily calming about the dark, I thrived in it, found beauty in it's known unknown.
But that doesn't mean I'm a fucked up freak that prefers to sit in the dark. I do eventually navigate to the fridge, where I pull the door open slightly and let the sliver of light cast a glow into the room as I gather a collection of food that will suffice my craving.
The fridge is stocked, but aside from protein bars, meats, vegetables and whole grains it's useless in satisfying my craving.
And by the time I've ransacked the entire kitchen finding nothing but a pint of sugar free vanilla ice cream and biscuits, I've concluded these people are boring robots.
Nonetheless, I find utensils, grab my snacks and turn to walk back up to my room, but think better of it. If the psychopath was still in there, I was going to do something rash like kill her and while I wanted nothing more than to do that, I didn't have the patience to deal with the clean up.
With that thought in mind, I find myself climbing up onto the island, with nothing but the glow of the refrigerator lighting the darkness around me as I proceed to snack.
The room much like the rest of the manor is soundless save for the that which comes from my snacking. And perhaps that's why I find myself dropping my guard to a point where I'm ignoring everything around me.
But I don't think anything of the tiny signs I begin to pick up in my peripheral, that would-on any other day, lead me to believe I'm being watched. Not until a soft clank echos from the distance making my head instinctively snap towards the cause of the voice.
I cant see into the darkest corner of the room, but I do feel a presence there, most likely sat at the table there.
I squint my eyes and focus in on where the sound had come from to make out a large silhouette, and I just know from the pure build, impeccable posture and stillness who it is.
There was only one man fucked up enough to sit in the dark, alone.
"I'm beginning to think you like me so much you hide in the dark and wait for me." In an attempt to get a better view, I reach my foot and open the fridge door until it's light is illuminating his side of the room enough to make out the striking edges of his face.
He'd disappeared after dinner, leading me to believe he'd called it a night. Yet as he sat at the table, glass full and placed before him, still dressed in his suit, the only slight difference being the leather gloves placed next to his glass, I can't help but think he'd just returned.