The Neighbourhood - Devils Advocate𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaThey came today.
They drank from my gold porcelain. They ate the fine foods my country had to offer. They sat with my daughter, held my granddaughter.
Yet, they still turned around and laughed with my enemy.
They took my hospitality for weakness and put a target on my back.
His wife was quiet, he was known to be dangerous. Yet a single afternoon with the couple made me realize that she was the one to be weary of.
She hid her danger. Held it in her tightly clutched palm and concealed it in her white smile.
I need to be weary of her. You should too.
Leather slams, fingers tighten and my lips press together in an attempt to push back the frustrated scream. I manage to suppress the scream, but it doesn't stop me from chucking the journal in my hand at the wall.
I fucking hate cliffhangers, and Jido's cryptic final journal entry, the only one that gave me an ounce of juicy information, is the biggest fucking tease of the century.
I pace back and forth.
I need to find the others.
If not for the fact that they belong to me, then for the fact that my curiosity wont be satisfied until I do.
Yet despite my frustration, a twinge of regret forces me to walk across the ancient pastel carpet, pick up the journal and dust it off, before hiding the palm sized booklet back behind the very painting that covered the hidden passageway into the room in the tower.
I rarely came back to this room. Not only was the door always locked, but the dolls that once took up every inch of the room were back, only now it seemed as though someone went out of their way to hang more shelves to display them.
I'm milliseconds from moving the painting back into its place when the closet doors fly open, and a rush of blonde hair emerges from the darkness, barrelling towards me, at full force, a war cry escaping the mouth of it.
I step out of the way, and as my luck would have it, the bull like ball of blonde hair doesn't realize until she's slamming into the wall and falling onto the ground.
I laugh, she hisses.
"How did you get into my bedroom!?" The failed exorcism of a girl groans while I glance around the room, making sense of its state. She thinks it's hers now. "The door is locked from the inside!"
While true, I dont choose to tell her about the hidden door behind the painting and instead settle on delusion. "Magic."
She sits up and looks over at me, her shoulders relaxing and gives me an ernest nod, as though it makes complete sense. "Oh,"
Instead of walking out the door, I decide to walk over to the wall of new floating shelves and linger, having missed not being the craziest in the room. "Who hung these for you?" The sight of her, rubbing the bruise forming on her forehead brings a smile to my face. "Was it your little boyfriend?"
"Dima is not my boyfriend." She rises to her feet and glares at me. "I like Dima, but Adriko is my one true love."
Dima. I fucking knew it.
I laugh to myself. The stone faced asshat had a thing for the less than mediocre mental patient.
How cute.
"Natasha, sweetheart." I slowly make my way towards her, "Adrik and I are already married, you gotta move on." I place a hand on her scrawny little shoulder, and force sympathy onto my face. "We cant have you turning into a doll crazed nut job, can we?"
"You got married...? "Those pale blue eyes of hers widen, as a look I can only compare to that of a crestfallen child falls over her features. "But I wasn't even invited."
"Why would you be invited?" I raise a brow, entertained by her entirely. "You're not one of my friends."
The look she has on her face only intensifies, this time the hurt is mixed with disbelief, as though i'd betrayed her. "You have other friends?"
"Lots of them." I offer and before I can offer another blow that'll crush her little heart, a knock sounds.
Natasha in all her nightgown glory, races me to the door, even though I make no move to, only before she opens it she casts me one last longing look. "Did you sleep with him?"
"My husband?" I cross my arms and tilt my head, I should spare her, but I don't. "Yes. Multiple times, in the dirtiest of ways."
The statement may not have been an honest truth, but it wasn't a lie, nor was it an exaggeration. It was more so a foreshadow. One based on the fact that Adrik Kozlov is single handedly responsible for giving me the best sex of my life and I plan to explore it throughly, in every possible position.
With shaky hands and an unstable look in her eyes, the nutcase swings the door open to reveal Adrik's less likeable errand boy. He looks annoyed by me already. "Adriko is requesting your presence."
I bite down on my bottom lip, withholding a smile as I recall the events of last night. He'd driven us home, excused himself to make a call and in waiting for him, I accidentally fell asleep next to Sitto. Only to wake this morning with a call from the La Haute board, congratulating me of my new position as one of the thirteen new debutants for this season.
"Where is he?" I walk forward, complying as though the fact that he's now summoning me like a sixties mistress doesn't bother me. You'd think he'd treat me with a little more respect considering last we talked, I had him in my mouth.
"In his library."
I nod and grip the door handle, "Tell him he can walk his ass up here and get me himself." And with that, I slam the door shut.
I can feel the anger on the other end of the doorframe, and I only smile. There really isnt any reason to deny the man, but it feels good to.
"Why did you do that?" Natasha eyes me like i'm the odd one, but I merely shrug.
"Men need to be kept on their toes."
. . .
One.
Two.