Labyrinth, Zendaya - all for us
𝔚𝔚𝔚
Celina"Boyfriend?"
The word is delivered with distaste as the old Italian deadbeat eyes said boyfriend like his existence is an insult in itself.
And then his eyes soften slightly as they move to me, yet still hold an ounce of disapproval. "You never told me about a boyfriend."
I make an effort to withhold an eye roll, but fail miserably. "Avevo un ragazzo alle tue spalle, tu sei andato e hai avuto una famiglia dietro la mia." The condescending smile gracing my lips drops, allowing the pure hatred to seep in. (Italian| I had a boyfriend behind your back, you went and had a family behind mine.)
Face scrunching up, the old man looks to the ground in what I can only assume to be shame.
Good.
And as though, Adrik realises this interaction has the potential to fuck in our entire plan, he turns to speak to Silvio, "Vattene o ti faccio." Threat apparent, he doesn't bother leaving any room for argument with the finality of his statement. (Italian| Leave or I'll make you)
Like a bull resiting the urge to charge, Silvio throws a desperate glance my way, but I don't budge and with a lingering glance that tells me he's not done with me, he decides to head back out into the party, leaving us with our unwanted guests.
And the moment he does leave, I turn back to the part of my life I kept separate for a reason.
My university life was my comfort place. There, I controlled the narrative, how people viewed me, what people knew of me- which was little to nothing. And most importantly, got to work towards achieving true authentic power.
Hana Lim, the girl I was using for her fathers political connections and Sebastian Morrison, the boy I was using to get close to the prime minister of the U.K- who happened to be his mother, were not supposed to be here.
This fucked up the life I was looking forward to getting back to after I got over all this shit here.
"I can't believe my best friend is getting married and she didn't tell me about it."
Tears.
Hana's eyes begin to fill with tears, something I despise the shit out of and I suddenly have the urge to scream in frustration.
"I lost my phone." I grit, plastering a look of remorse on my face. "I had an invite sent to your apartment in London."
"Oh." She sniffles, "It must have gotten lost in the mail."
"Yeah..." I drag out, before eyeing her face in distaste. "Stop crying."
"Okay." The overly emotional girl speaks timidly as she wipes her eyes and sends a smile my way. "I knew you'd never do that to me. I'm sorry for assuming the worst, you must feel like shit now."
"I'll survive." I offer dryly.
Continuing on the spur of damage control, my gaze moves to Seb who takes a step right up into my personal space, and cradles my face in his hands, "Is this because I slept with that girl from your ethics class?" He whispers in a voice low enough for just us to hear. "I swear she didn't mean anything-"
There's no withholding my eye roll, not when calloused fingers wrap around my wrist and pull me away from the boy claiming to be my boyfriend.
Boyfriend was a loose term.
So loose that he only referred to me as his girlfriend whenever his mother was on his ass for letting his reputation fuck up his image.
Seb was a playboy, but I was good for his image - at least, that's what they all thought.
Our arrangement was mutually beneficial, and nothing more than an arrangement because there's no way I - Celina Ademaro would willingly commit to a man, much less one who's so pampered, he has yet to get his drivers license.
"I always thought you and I would get married." He breathes, the crestfallen look on his face looks so genuine, I start to believe that in a fucked up way, the boy had developed... feelings for me.
How sad.
I want to laugh at how ridiculous he sounds and looks, but stop myself and think ahead, a year from now, to a time where I'm done with Adrik and back to my life.
Seb played a key part in my plan, I couldn't loose him now. I purse my lips and shrug. "Maybe one day, in the long, distant future-"
The man who's remained eerily silent, finally decides to speak and when he does, those fingers wrapped around my wrist tighten. "Over my dead body."
A dreamy sighs escapes my lips as I turn back to glance longingly at him. "Una ragazza può solo sognare." (Italian | A girl could only dream.)
Sharp eyes bounce between us and Adrik's studies our interaction with a vehemence I can only blame on the fact that he must hate the unexpected.
"Listen, mate." Posh and proper, Seb steps up to Adrik. Seb couldn't fight to save his life, but he was charming, so charming, he had yet to meet someone that hadn't succumbed to his easy going charm. "We've got history-"
Too bad Adrik would change that.
"Stop." Pulling me away from Seb and towards him, Adrik steps towards Seb and no doubtedly uses his large physique to intimidate him. "Talking."
He handles me like I'm nothing but his doll and with narrowed eyes, I snatch my wrist from his hold and look towards Seb.
"Keep going, Seb." I encourage, a small smile gracing my lips at the look on Adrik's face. "You're doing great."
Yet despite my encouragement, Seb shifts uncomfortably under Adrik's gaze and with a glance towards the brute headed Russian, I realise the look on his face isn't all that's alarming.
It's pure anger, palpable and so apparent that I'm almost stunned for a moment.
It's not a surprise he's angry, I have that effect on him, but it's shocking to watch him as he tries and fails to suppress it all.
So much so that he looks a millisecond away from murder.
Knowing murder is something the man has no issue with, I decide to cut our chit chat short. Turning to the two unwanted guests, I send them smiles. "I'll come find you guys later?"