Reborn Volume One: Try Again
13 parts Ongoing Sirius Jr. Howard Potter was betrayed at the age of 17 by his brother, two sisters, Albus Dumbledore, and his best friends, including his girlfriend Ginny Weasley.
After being hurt so much, Sirius Jr. went into the Forbidden Forest and sacrificed himself to save the world. He destroyed the seventh and final Horcrux that Lord Voldemort had created. It was in him. Then he fulfilled his destiny by defeating the Dark Lord.
Because he could not handle the fact that nearly everyone he'd ever trusted had betrayed him, he took his own life by slitting his wrists in front of everybody who had hurt him. As he lay there on the ground dying, he called out to several people: his brother Henry (Harry or Hen) Potter, his arch enemy Draco Malfoy, the still living Weasley twin George, Hades who was one of his closest and most loyal friends, and the last person he ever thought would betray him, Hermione Granger. The five of them gathered around George, grabbed Sirius's head, and rested it on his lap, running their fingers through Sirius's hair. Meanwhile, Harry and Hermione each grabbed one of his hands. Hayden sang softly to him, and Draco tried desperately to stop the blood.
Sirius Jr. soon passed away; his friends held a moment of silence, during which each made a wish. If they could have a redo and save their friend from this fate, they would even if it meant giving their own lives.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Join Draco, George, Hermione, Hades, Harry, and a few of their other friends as they go back and redo their lives over again, but this time with the knowledge of what will happen in the future. How will their choices change? How will it affect the timeline? Where will their loyalties lie? And what new things would they learn about themselves? How will their first year at Hogwarts be different? How will their interactions with each other change? Will they be friends or enemies?