Song: Die For You - Remix
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaThere's chaos in most actions.
Some are chaotic on their own, while others are insignificant alone, but grouped together fuel a fire so big, catastrophe strikes.
Tonight, I find myself in the midst of a series of insignificant's.
The low rumble of the engine.
His steady breathing. His unwavering gaze.
The clanking of the tires on dirt road.
My angry breaths. My stubborn stare.
The white noise surrounding the space as the driver speeds into the endless night while his words, spoken mere moments ago, echo in my mind and sit heavy between us.
"You're a smart girl, you'll figure it out."
Wether he's mocking me, trying to distract me from the truth, or simply dangling it infront of me as bait to amuse himself, I don't know.
All I know is that I refuse to break away from this stare off first. Refuse to let him know that his freakishly uncomfortable tendency to maintain eye contact isn't scaring me away.
And when he breaks first, turning to glance ahead of us, I lean back in my seat, a satisfied smile making its way onto my face. "I am a smart girl." I echo, despite a whole two minutes passing since he'd spoken the words, they still reel in my mind.
"I was clearly lying." So effortlessly casual, Adrik faces ahead and pulls a pair of leather black gloves from his pocket.
I watch him, albeit in the dark through the shadows of light as he slowly slips them on over his hands. "If there was an ounce of intelligence behind those beady eyes, you'd be paying attention to our surroundings."
My smile slowly drops in unison with my gaze as it moves away from his perfect postured form to the dashboard clock before out onto the road. We'd been driving for nearly 2 hours, on a dirt road and so far away from civilization that the only sign of life comes in an old ratty Inn that we zoom by.
"Open all the windows." Adrik commands, while our driver looks about near shitting himself as he flickers his gaze to Adrik in the rear view mirror before nodding, lowering all the windows and gripping the steering wheel like it's his only source of strength.
I watch him closely, he's scared, nervous, and although I have no fucking clue what's going on, I know my night is far from over.
"For fucks sake." I sigh, leaning back into my seat while the man's to my left remain so unbothered it begins to annoy me. He's too calm, too composed. This ruse could very much be his doing. "The day I start taking advice from a psycho wearing leather gloves is the day I die."
Moonlight dances along the sharp shadows of his face as he pulls the seat belt over himself, remaining still, calm and composed, only turning to send me a sideways glance. "Suit yourself."
There's no time to react with what he does next. He reaches forward, wraps his hands around the drivers neck from behind and in a spilt second, snaps it to the side. While the small pop of his neck that's heard, acts as the catalyst to the chaos.
The entire car swerves when the driver loses consciousness and in response, my body jolts up to grab the steering wheel, but it's too late.
By the time I reach towards the front, the cars veers off the road, crashing into a ditch before toppling over onto its side.
A ringing slowly penetrates my ears before I lose hearing all together for a brief moment while my body is thrown to the side, as my world flips.
Seconds go by as I try to regain my breathing. Minutes go by as I try to move my limbs and when I finally do regain my sense of hearing, there's a steady breathing in my ear, one that I know doesn't belong to me. "What the absolute fuck is wrong with you?"
I can already feel the aches beginning to form all throughout my body, the exhaustion that's bound to overcome me and the annoyance when I realize my cheek isn't pressed to the window, but the dirt ground.
Everything around me is dark, and I shut my eyes a moment to think, only I'm disturbed of that too.
"You said you wanted to die." His low voice, completely steady and tranquil sounds from around me, and after a moment of recalibrating my senses do I realize he's directly in front of me. "I was helping you."
He sounds calm and alright, the realization that it's because he'd had his seatbelt on in preparation for this making it ten times harder to control my anger.
If I thought the man was a psycho before, now I was convinced he was dropped on the head ten times hard as a kid.
I stare at my passenger side window that's now directly above me, to see the starts and moon creating little beams of light down onto us and find a sense of hope in the sight.
If I could just get up, and make it out of the window, I'd be fine.
I shirt, trying to lift up and pull myself up, but without gravity on my side, my upper body strength isn't enough to get me out.
I seek out the sharp angles of Adrik's face to see his head tilted to the side as though he's already begun assessing our surroundings. And when he proceeds to reach down and in click his seatbelt, I know he's yet again prepared for the situation.
But that sense of envy vanishes when he continues to attempt to free himself from the seatbelt but fails when it jams.
"What the fuck do you suppose we do now?"
"We?" He hums, my barrette glints beneath the moonlight as he takes it out of his pocket, only to begin cutting the strap of the seatbelt.
He gets it he seatbelt off, leaving his body to come crashing down onto mine.
A grunt of pain is all I let out when the brute force of his fat ass comes down onto me, stealing my breath while the man doesn't so much as blink. "There is no we."
With the grace of a skilled assassin, the man reaches up, grasps onto the handles near the top window and lifts himself up.
So effortless he makes it look easy, while I'm left panting and trying to recover. "You're just gonna leave me here?"
He makes it up and out of the window, leaving me alone, only sticking his hand back inside to reach for his gun that'd managed to slip out and I know the answer to my question.