The Weeknd - The hills𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaIf there was one thing men lacked it was the ability to do anything right.
A prime example of that? The man i'd once called papà, who'd no doubtedly come here in hopes of rekindling things with his estranged daughter.
In truth, that was the root cause of my anxiousness. The man was an emotional weakness I'd developed at a young age when I'd allowed him to slip through my guarded walls.
Only whatever nerves I'd felt about seeing him for the first time vanish when I got a look at who he'd brought along.
How dare he.
How fucking dare he.
Anger solidifies my resolve, leaving no room for vulnerability as the devil in a tailored navy suit leads me through the crowd and towards them.
His hand along the small of my back is large, but his touch is impartial, forced even.
The soft melody of the violinist playing her song picks up, people begin to shuffle onto the dance floor while the last of New York City's riches socialites and businessmen begin to file in.
I ignore them all, still too busy eyeing the happy little family, seconds from using the blade in my barrette to stab them over and over again. Repeatedly, until all their faces are so cut up and they're forever unrecognizable.
The thought calms my anger but it seems like the universe is testing my patience again when we're stopped by a cell phone ringing. Adrik let's go of me, pulls out his phone and when I try to read his caller ID , I realize I can't read Russian.
But to make matters worse, he excuses himself without another word, his voice turning into mix of low Russia while I'm engulfed into a conversation I want no part in.
I don't recognize any of the girls that have stopped me save for the puff faced baboon who won't seem to leave me the fuck alone. "Christie," I greet in that voice reserved for pretentious socialites.
Her face heats in obvious embarrassment. "It's Chelsea."
"Hm." I hum in that pretentious way. "I don't care."
The girls that have come along with her don't bother introducing themselves, instead they eye me like they're finally seeing the object of their gossip up close. I angle my hand so that my ring sparkles, giving them something to talk about.
"From politicians kids to billionaires..." her eyes trail up from my ring to my face, bitterness coating her words. "For a girl that comes from nothing, you sure have a way of working up the social ladder, Lina."
Despite mg upbringing, I'd lived a relatively humbled life in university. Something that was now coming to bite me in the ass.
I study the girl who'd been nothing but a leach desperate for the attention of the people I surrounded myself with. The thought of her trying and failing so hard at being devious bringing me a sense of entertainment. "Are you calling me a gold digger?"
Someone giggles, I don't bother to acknowledge it and instead hone my gaze in on the sheep doing a terrible job fitting into wolfs clothing. "If the shoe fits."
"Of course the shoe fits," I tilt my head and step into their little cult like circle. "They're custom made diamond encrusted Valentino's."
Every single pair of eyes in the circle drops from my ring to my heels that are, in fact, diamond encrusted Valentino's. A genuine smile plays on my lips as the familiar feeling of superiority engulfs me.
These girls don't like me, they fear me. Which is far better than any compliment I'd get from them.
"That just proves you're a gold digger." I glance behind me, my date still engrossed in his phone call and turn back to the irrelevant minion speaking.
"You say that like it's bad thing." I tilt my head and examine this one's outfit. My gaze alone enough to make her shift in a manner that tells me she's feeling insecure under my gaze.
"It is."
I'm all honestly, my intentions for marrying being a gold digger was more on brand for me than the notion of love, especially to a group of girls that knew Lina Ayad.
"Only because none of you were able to pull it off." I draw my gaze back to Chelsea and pout my lips. "Isn't that right, Chloe?"
"It's Chelsea and you know it!" She bursts, voice cracking and so high pitched it gathers the attention of a few onlookers. She must realize she's embarrassing herself when she calms and lowers her voice to a violent whisper, "And you said he'd like me."
Her reference to that night id sent her to Adrik at his party coming to mind, a light giggle escapes my lips at the memory. "I lied."
It's then that the attention moves over my shoulder and that prickling gaze boring into my back is a reminder of what doom awaits me.
My smile drops, and I turn my head just as Adrik approaches.
Someone begins to speak but I interrupt. "They're starting to bore me." I look over at my date and pout. "Save me and take me elsewhere, Addie."
Features hardening, his large hand makes its way to the small of my back, the the gesture appearing affectionate save for the way he nudges me away from them, his move more of a shove than anything.
"Watch it." I snap, stumbling a steps, before straightening out. "I nearly busted my ass."
He gives a low hum, "What a shame."
There's a rebuttal on the tip of my tongue, a snarky remark on my lips, only before I can get the words out, they're dying in my throat as we approach them.
We're barely within hearing distance before that desperate sound of the man's is once called my father voice is booming, causing a ringing so loud in my head that it drowns out the music and chatter around us."Celina."
Deliberately ignoring him, I take the moment to get a good look at the family.
The woman, who i'd seen on his arm barely acknowledges me as she grasps Silvio's arm, her fist tight and her features hardened in a way that tells me she's barely holding back her crippling fear as she looks to the man next to me.
I gloss over her, my eyes moving to the one that's every bit the girl next door. Brown eyes, even lighter brown hair down in loose waves. She looks like him, save for her rosy cheeks and soft features. Adorned in a white long dress, her lips sit in a way that looks like she's pouting all the fucking time.