BLUE - Billie Eilish
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaAdrenaline is a bitch.
My grandfather taught me to thrive off of it. How to use it to my advantage under pressure.
Only now, when I need it most, I forget how to breathe much less do anything.
Once again, I choke. It's not like me, only in the span of a day it's all I've done.
Choke.
I was logical, not emotional. Confident, not unsure.
Unforgiving, not understanding.I glance from Silvio to the man on the wall to my left, leaned against a bookshelf, calm despite the gun aimed his way.
He made me this way. Or perhaps it's my fault for allowing him to make me feel this way.
Feel at all.
"Dio, I thought you were dead." To my right I catch brown eyes, they look so much like Enzo's and hold the same adoration.
Until anger waters them. "He told me you were dead." The barrel tips in Adrik's direction, the look in Silvio eye so crazed I think he might actually pull the trigger.
It's like he cared I was gone.
I dismiss it. If he cared, he wouldn't have left me so easily then.
Stepping forward, I position myself in the middle of the room- between the two men. I turn to face the unstable Italian, who doesn't seem to like the fact that I'm putting myself in front of his gun, in defence of his enemy. "This is not a joke, Celina. Get out of my way."
I do no such thing. Instead, I do what I always did when Silvio got this way. I de-escalate. "Why'd you even come here in the first place?"
He was doing that thing he did when he was too upset and didn't know how to handle his emotions. Act now, think when it's too late. "I came to get my children."
Something pierces my chest. I ignore it. "They're fine." Sabrina may be traumatized, but she'd survive through it. Enzo, I didn't want him to go. But I also had no right demanding he stay. "You can leave with them."
Wood creaks, Adrik straightens behind me, a clear indication of his protest.
Heat prickles the back of my neck, sweat forms at my hairline.
Will he let him leave?
"What about you?" Too occupied in his thoughts, Silvio lowers the gun in his hand and looks to me with wet eyes, crinkled with age at the corners. "I'm not leaving without you."
I laugh. It's so bitter I get it's taste in my mouth. "You had no issue doing it before."
I never got so emotional before when I de-escalated. But then again, I never knew what a lying disappointment he was.
Silvio's face warms, until it looks like a tomato. "Do you truly believe I wanted to leave you?"
Everything else is forgotten in the height of his ignorance. I'm nothing but an angry mess, yelling at a man I wanted so badly to be there for me. "You've never tried to even prove me otherwise!"
Frustration can't even begin to describe it. He's so infuriating I could kill him.
"Because I was always forced away!" Thick with emotion his voice carries to me, despite all my anger, I listen. "Back then it was your grandfather forcing me away to maintain peace with them," he points to Adrik, the word them thrown with so much disdain. "And now, he's trying to force me away from you." Once again, the Italian lifts the gun, steps to the side and aims it at the man behind me, the man I'm once again aware of. "This is all your fault."
Deep and even, Adrik speaks from behind me. "I didn't force you to do anything."
His tone is airy, no signs of caution despite being held at gunpoint.
Meanwhile Silvio is hysterically booming, "You made it impossible for me to ever get near her!"
"Not impossible." Adrik's voice nears with his step. "You never tried hard enough."
My heart beats erratically, my eyes train on his finger trembling over the trigger. "What are you trying to say?" Silvio spits to Adrik, and this time when I try to step infront of him, Adrik, nudges me behind.
"I'm saying you're a terrible father." I manage to slip back between them, only this time I'm facing Adrik, whose eyes hold a calm storm. One I know I can't get through. "And killing me won't solve that problem."
It's like he's taunting a bear. Relishing in its anger and the danger it brings.
"It will get you out of her life and stop this war." I don't give Silvio a clear shot. Despite Adrik trying to push me behind him, I stay rooted in place.
Pink lips crack a cold smile and brush past me to my estranged father. "You'll have to put the gun down and fight me for that then, old man."
I debate screaming to de-escalate the situation. It vanishes from mind when heavy metal hits the floor. When I look to Silvio, he's abandoned his gun and begins to pushing up his sleeves, eyes angry and trained on the Russian. "Gladly."
He's ridiculous if he thinks I'm going to stand here and watch him and Adrik attempt to beat each other. "Adrik's not going to fight you-"
"I will." His smooth voice interrupts me as he removes his blazer. I don't realize how angry he is until he tosses it to the floor and pushes past me towards Silvio. "But I won't stop until your blood stains my carpet and your daughter stands by my side, watching you bleed out."
Useless. I feel utterly and completely useless here between two men who want to tear each other apart. And while I knew Silvio had years of training on Adrik, the latter had skill, strength and speed.
Silvio wouldn't stand a chance.
I don't give either of them one.
I step between them and this time, do something, like pick up the gun. It feels foreign in my hand, utterly useless. Just how it should be. "No one's killing anyone."
Both men turn to look at me in surprise- their reasons the same in their difference.
Silvio speaks first. "You can't possibly still care for him? He's the reason for all of this, and has been nothing but terrible to you."