Song: ZAYN, Taylor Swift - I don't wanna live forever𝔚𝔚𝔚
AdrikBad things came in evens.
My parents.
Their friends.
I've been shot twice in my life. Broken four of my bones. Had sixteen scars.
I was six when my father began beating me. Eight when my mother introduced me to her friends. Ten when they came to visit and twelve when she took me to them.
I found my liberation in the odd.
At five, I began to read and at seven, I found my first chess piece.
Never would I have thought, I'd one day be teaching the game to anyone, much less a a six year old Italian.
Yet here I sit, in my favorite room, watching tiny hands grab at the white pawn and attempt my favorite move.
The Queens Gambit.
I debate letting him succeed, but habit pushes me to a Semi-Slav defence.
"Where is my sister?"
My fingers brush cool wood, faltering until the pawn topples over, the board before me blurs from my vision and just like that, I'm forced to find reality.
The cold room. The deafening silence. The emptiness in my chest.
I don't care to respond. That doesn't stop the kid from continuing in a small voice, "She didn't come for lunch time." They barely look alike but I see her everywhere. Her cheeks beneath his chubby ones, the tilt of her nose in his small one and when he looks up at me, I see her lashes in his eyes. "She never misses lunch time."
She'd missed a lot since I'd seen her last night. The empty vodka bottle that now laid a shattered mess in my bedroom. The cold bed I hadn't bothered to make. The breakfast I hadn't made sure she'd eaten.
"You were more tolerable when you didn't talk." I abandon the game and stand, as though I have anything better to do.
I do. It's just I don't want to do anything.
How could I? She's in everything I do.
Everywhere I go, I find traces of her. So subtle and minuscule in their nature, I'd subconsciously, masochistically looked for it.
Everything reminds me of her.
When I read, I think of how she hates it. When I eat, I wonder if her blood sugar's gone up. And when I talk strategy, I cannot think of her worst quality. Her need to insert herself and meddle.
Two small tugs drag my attention down to where the little Ademaro fists my pant leg. "W-what if something bad happened?" His fist holds so tight it's bound to leave a crease. "I'm scared."
I wouldn't even be able to change without thinking of her in my clothes.
I shrug off his touch, but for some reason indulge him when I really shouldn't be. "I kicked her out."
I don't regret it. I don't even care about it. I just want to stop thinking about the look in her eyes, the stubborn press of her lips and the satisfaction that never came from making my words hurt.
"You... hit my sister?" Instead of stopping the tears forming in his big brown eyes, my words send them down his cheeks. "But...but-" Hiccup after small hiccup, he tries to catch his breath, "Papá said you love her."
My patience begins to ebb at my sanity and I suddenly want anyone who's ever crossed me to suffer. "Your papá is the entire reason why I did it."
"But you kicked her!" Red cheeks, snotty nose, the little thing charges at me.
He's barely tall enough to reach my knee, and when he kicks me, it feels like a hit from a feather-light pillow.
I shake him off, he falls to the ground, before getting up and charging at me again.
A knock sounds on the library door, and with a sigh, I move towards my desk and unlock it, while he continues to attack and it's only when I've had enough of his tantrum that I offer a response."It was a metaphor. I didn't actually touch her."
The little Ademaro pulls away to catch his breath,"Oh." Soon after, his footfall sounds in the space as he runs back to where we were and picks up his glasses that had fallen and only when he gets them on are we drawn to the door that swings open.
He'd called this morning wanting to meet, I hadn't expected it but agreed nonetheless, now, I was regretting it.
Not only was he not alone, but the ball of fat in his arms threatens unwanted germs while the girl following close behind flickers her eyes around the library almost in wonder.
I return my gaze to him. "If you're here to get me to stop the war, I won't."
Rosso doesn't bother with pleasantries, not when the child, propped up on his arm, spots the little Ademaro by my side and with little regard to gravity, attempts to throw herself at him. "Zo Zo! Zo Zo!"
She chants it over and over again, squirming in the tall man's hold, her pudgy hands grabbing towards the little boy next to me.
Rosso raises a single brow, "Do I look like a fucking peacekeeper to you?"
Even with a squirming ball of curly hair in his arms, he stands tall, anything but the kind of man who'd want peace.
She didn't strike me as the peacekeeper type either.
At the thought of her, my jaw tightens as I force my eyes away. It's not long before a piercing scream fills the space, I look to the source of it in his arms squirming and when that doesn't work, her hands resort to smacking against the hard angles of Rosso's face. "Papa down!"
"No."
The child proves to be that much worse when she screams again, this time making sure it's right into his ear, only laughing in delight when her father sets her down to grip at his ear. "Jesus, you're annoying, you know that?"
She giggles, it's soft and so unlike the screaming nightmare from moments ago. It's the child's mother, who speaks next. "Nico."