slow down - Chase Atlantic
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaI really couldn't win these days.
The universe was working against me and it was as though my karma was finally catching up to me in the form of denying me prosperity just as I reached it.
In other words, my karma was catching up to me in the form of an uptight asshole.
I'd tried drowning myself in my sorrows to cope( but all that'd gotten me was a raging headache and some embarrassment as the bits and pieces of my actions come back to me.
But that all seems so minuscule in the grand scheme of things. Minuscule when you take into account the fact that the man who'd I'd agreed to marry had found a way to trap me into the arrangement.
Declaring I wanted him dead wasn't enough anymore.
I was going to slaughter him.
And until I was able to watch the life drain from his eyes-slowly and painfully, I was going to do everything in my power to make sure his life was hell.
The way I saw it, my plan was foolproof. I wouldn't be able to kill him right away, but I was going to make this arrangement so hard that he'd either get sick of me enough to get rid of me, or go mad.
But in the meantime, I'd find a way to kill him and or find something to dangle over his head.
Like I said, foolproof.
My earlier moments of weakness aside, my rise and his downfall would begin tonight and in preparation of said vow, I pop two painkillers into my mouth and chase it down with a glass of water.
The last thing I wanted to be doing tonight was going out, with him of all people but I needed to start putting in the work, this constantly being undermined by him thing was fucking with my ego a bit too much.
Which is why I'm already dressed and ready by the time someone bangs on my door, opening it to find a stone faced errand boy and his dumbed down duplicate there to collect me.
I leave them standing there and turn to grab a leather jacket, my clutch and subtly make sure the knife strapped to my thigh is in place while they're gaze slowly follows me.
"He will be upset." Dima is the first to speak.
I head out the door and pass the brothers, but not before stopping to send Dima one of my smiles. "He loves me too much not to be."
I make my way down the stairs, mentally reminding myself that although I'm still a prisoner in this manor, I had rights now and deserved a proper bedroom. Something that wasn't accessible to the lunatic who believed those dos in there were her friends.
Dima behind me still seems to be stuck on something that's frankly, none of his fucking business. "You will look like a prostitue on his arm."
Yeah, that's kinda the whole point.
Disregarding them, I move down the hallway, glancing out into the darkness beyond the windows. The only source of light I make out is coming from the extension that's been under construction since I'd gotten here. "Dora," I call to Feo behind me, "Where does my dearest fiancé spend his nights?"
The manor was charming, in that ancient, dusty and creaky type of way, all of which I'm assuming isn't up to the devil's standards. Not to mention the man didn't look like one to share a space, let alone a roof with over thirty of his men.
"He lives in the newly added east wing." Feo adds. I make it down two sets of stairs before we're on the main floor and walking towards the main foyer.
"No one's allowed to even go near it." Dima adds in a warning that makes me roll my eyes.
"None of you." I turn towards the two men trailing behind me and lift a hand up to flash my diamond ring. "Those rules don't apply to me, remember?"
Except they did. But they didn't need to know that.
A sour look crosses Dima's face while Feo's brows draw together in slight confusion. I'm sure they're not yet fully convinced Adrik and I are in love, but they both fear and respect Adrik enough to know questioning him won't end well.
Rounding the corner, the foyer comes into my view while my heeled boots resound through the space, alerting the man stood at the door.
His back is turned to me, his head of short hair poking out amongst the few other men standing around. Even in my tallest heels he's taller than I am and it's something I'd never taken into account as yet another underlying power play.
The clicking of my shoes must alert him of my presence because he almost instantly turns around, his eyes catching mine before they trail down my front.
Adrik Kozlov had mastered the look of complete cold indifference, but there were rare moments where his eyes, a blue so rich, gave it all away.
Now, I'm in the midst of a rarity as I walk towards him, the emptiness of his gaze gone and in place lies a surprise so dark I'm not sure if he's looking at me through the lens of a cold hearted killer or a hot blooded man.
I presume it's a healthy mix of both.
Those eyes trail past my done up leather jacket, and down to my skirt. So tight I could barely take a large step and so short one wrong move would blow what little was left to the imagination.
My legs were somewhat covered by my knee high leather boots, but all that seemed to do was draw attention to the amount of exposed skin on my thighs.
And when that dark berated look snaps up to my face, I know the man is agitated and a few pushes from snapping.
A smile stretches my lips.
I couldn't wait until he caught sight of the the top I had on beneath my jacket. "Hello to you too, Addie."
It's like he's completely disassociated as he looks at me, so hyper focused on what he sees to hear the taunt in my voice.
My smile grows as the calm man forces a subtle air into his anger.
There was importance in reputation in our world, and as sad as it was, being a woman meant my body wasn't entirely my own. Not in a game where powerful men took one look at me and decided how respectable I was based on the length of my skirt.
The ring now being forced onto my finger told everyone I belonged to Adrik Kozlov. He valued his reputation.
I was going to ruin it.