The Neighbourhood - Cry Baby
𝔚𝔚𝔚
AdrikI enjoyed a kill as much as the next, but valued the silence more.
It was why my methods were so quick and easy - for the most part. There was hardly ever an instance where someone was special enough to get my time and effort.
But as much as I despised to admit it, that thing of a woman's death was going to be excruciating, painful and as dragged out as possible.
That was the only reason I'd gone back for her.
I needed her alive and a deluded, twisted part of me had claimed her death as mine. In my hands, in my control.
Yet every minute she spends walking around, under my roof, I begin to regret going back for her.
She's more trouble than she's worth to me. Leaving her to die would have been a quicker and easier solution.
Yet here I stand, forced to deal with a consequence of her presence while she's most likely spending her time, plotting my death, sleeping in past noon and raiding my pantry.
The thought sends a surge of annoyance through my chest.
Her mere existence has caused a ripple so deep, it was tilting my entire axis off balance.
That balance was the only thing keeping me level headed. And as much as I was a man with no fears, I feared myself and what I'd do if provoked any further.
My intuition though, tells me it's inevitable and the path to destruction has already begun. It'd found its way into the roots of everything I'd built here in New York and now, all I could do was watch nature take its course.
There was no going back now. It was all a matter of acceptance and damage control.
Silence echos in the large room as thirty three pairs of eyes hone in on me. This was my least favorite thing about the position I'd earned - the interactions.
My father's bratva was large, and since I'd taken over, it'd multiplied into an army. I narrowed down the number of people I needed to interact with in order to ensure optimal success across my entire bratva to sixty six people.
I'd brought thirty three of them with me to America, and left the rest back in Russia to run operations there. Yet even with these people here, I didn't bother myself with interactions.
That's what Dima and Feo were for.
But there were times like these, rare, infuriating, yet crucial where I needed to interact with them all.
"Moye slovo zakon pravil'no?" My voice rings loud and clear thought out the silent room.
(Russian|My word is law, correct?)Despite my compulsive need for order in all things, there was no hierarchal structure to my bratva. It was all simple really, I was at the top, the rest of them were at the bottom.
I didn't care for titles or giving others below me power to abuse it. These men had sworn their lives to the bratva, to me and I planned on wielding that power to further my own agendas until New York City was just another notch on my belt.
Eyes stare back at me blankly, silence remaining a constant in the room. I marvel in the reaction, knowing silence was nothing but a form of compliance in my eyes.
However, as I stare at a room of a dozen eyes on me, I know some are liars, traitors and rats. A problem I hadn't had before and one that's most likely come from recent changes.
It's a chain reaction, a rippling effect. I announce a truce with an enemy, they act out by trying to kill me.
But unlike the inner workings here, a position at the top wasn't given, inherited or even bought. It was earned.
I was at the top because I was good.
"Vy vse klyanetes' v svoyey loyal'nosti." I look out into the sea of people. "chast' tvoyey zhizni"
(Russian| You all pledged your loyalty. Some of you lied.)Although murmurs of confusion don't break out, people begin darting their eyes around and I know most are confused.
Most.
One rat, that's all it took to deem this an infestation.
The driver, my dogs. This wasn't a coincidence, nor did I run a loose enough ship for outsiders to make it into my proximity.
It was an inside job and I had a rat problem.
"You've all seen what I've done." Dima stands to my left, his stoic face aimed out into the people sat at the table, while Feo lounges in a chair. "What I'm capable of. Take that as your warning."
My methods for a kill may have been quick and easy, but it didn't in any way work in favour of my victims.
I had my own ways of dealing with people. It was a beautifully curated process really, making someone suffer without lifting a finger. Pushing them into a hell so excruciatingly painful only to get rid of them in one quick and easy moment?
I glance down to my watch and realise I'd been at this for far too long and the idea of a traitor living beneath my roof, eating my food, comfortable enough to rebel against my law enough for me to consider lashing out, but I force myself to remain calm and bring my attention down to my watch. "Dismissed."
Feet shuffle, chairs move as seats empty but by the time I look back up, there are only two people lingering in the room.
Dima, who I know is waiting it out and Feo who's impatience looks like it's eating him alive, only for it to burst the minute I give him my attention. "You didn't come home last night." He gets out in one harsh breath.
Despite being the only people I worked closely with, the lack of knowledge on who was undermining me made it so I could trust no one, them included.
I now had to do everything myself. How inconvenient.
I raise a brow at Feo and keep my tone dry. "Don't tell me you were waiting up for me, hoping I'd come to bed."
I regret indulging the moment his face reddens, and his mouth opens and closes, a clear indication of his surprise, a reaction I know will come with more conversation.
"He's responding, let alone being sarcastic, Dima." He breathes, while his twin brother pours three glasses of liquor. Dima hands me a glass, yet begins to scrutinise me with something akin to worry. "Somethings terribly wrong."
Yes, something was wrong.
There was a traitor -possibly numerous - in my circle, which had altered up my schedule so much so that I'd gone seventeen hours without showering for the first time in years.
I spent my night in a germ infested motel room with an unhygienic, half dressed mad woman glued to my side, who's presence was tilting my world off its axis, so much so that I was now forced to speak to more people than I ever wanted to.
Something was extremely wrong.
That something being a five foot eight half Italian lunatic, who's mere presence is infuriating enough to drive even lucifer mad.