Lana Del Rey - young and beautiful
𝔚𝔚𝔚
There's a consistency developed in time.
Even as humans evolve, distinguishing themselves from other living organisms, the standard for which we operate revolves around the same thing.
Superiority.
We reward it, gain validation from it, and feel the need to distinguish ourselves because of it. When in reality, the superiority complex is nothing but a defense mechanism, used to overcompensate for one's own insecurity with feeling inferior.
It's an inherently human ideology, one that our world uses when it comes to rules.
Some create rules, some enforce them, and others abide by them. But there's a select few that are important enough to break the rules without breaking the system. They're the ones who hold the key to true human success.
Power.
A good businessman knows when to use his power, when to mask it, and when to amplify it to get him what he wants.
Silvio Ademaro was a good businessman.
Ademaro men were born to lead. With Silvio's father being the first to inject true power down the bloodline.
He'd seen an opportunity and seized it, investing in a local business that spanned a small town in southern Italy. A business that'd grown and multiplied into the now infamous Galanti Mafioso.
What began as a low level crime syndicate had formed into a powerhouse of connections and businesses, one's with ties so deep and a rank so superior, they were untouchable.
And it was all thanks to the hard work of three good businessmen.
Ricardo Galanti - the man who found the business and sat in the highest position one had in a mafia family. His right hand man, Arturo Moretto - the man who got his hands dirty, and a third; Silvio Ademaro - the man who maintained alliances.
Silvio was the youngest of the three men, and oddly enough, one of the good ones.
He was likable, by many if not all, which was why he was sent to secure alliances and establish loyalties.
But that's merely where our story begins.
Cairo, Egypt, 1999
Since ancient times, Egypt was known to be a goldmine of resources, with the Egyptians being amongst the wealthiest in the world.
The geographical location along the Nile made for amazing soil that allowed for the finest exported goods, the largest clientele of buyers, and the strongest economy.
They were the ideal business associates. Which was why Silvio Ademaro was sent to win over the Egyptian president.
He was as close to a king as one could get, treated like royalty, and respected by all. With far more land, resources and reach than any other world class leader in his time.
To Silvio's luck, the Egyptians were nothing but hospitable, their president no different. He'd been offered a place to stay in the palace that was his home, and served the finest of foods.
He'd gone from working tirelessly with mobsters and criminals to living like a God, where all his problems were solved by the people at his beck and call.
Only it was easy to veer off track in a life where time wasn't of the essence. And the excess time had not only given Silvio the time to wonder what lied behind the life he'd been graced with for the duration of his trip, but it'd also given him the privilege to chase that curiosity.
He'd chased it until he stood before a large oak door one night, in the northern wing of the palace. A place where most were prohibited from visiting.
He'd pried open the door and climbed up the tower, stopping when he'd stumbled upon her.
The girl looked to be his age, only her eyes sparkled an untouched emerald green, whereas his were dull and tainted with all he'd witnessed in his life.But that wasn't what had him paralyzed to his spot and entranced.
It was her beauty.
Ayra Ayad was the encapsulation of divinity herself. Long, black hair, as thick as the desert air. Sharp features, as striking magnificent as the moonlight glow filtering through the windows. Bronzed brown skin and eyes so green they'd contrasted her dark complexion hypnotically.
Silvio was a nothing but an eighteen year old boy, falling helplessly victim to a rare beauty.
That night had single handed changed the course of his entire trip.
He'd spend his days at the presidents side, proposing business, working towards an alliance with the Galanti Mafioso. And his nights, pining after the Egyptian goddess who he'd learned had been locked away in protection by her father - the president.
Despite being warned away from all men, Ayra allowed his company in secret. Her father may have had her best interest in mind, but she'd been deprived human interaction for far too long.
The man was too handsome and her heart was far too soft to resist a smile so sweet. He'd brought her to her knees until she'd fallen in a love so strong, she'd given him every part of her mind, body and soul.
It was a beautiful love story, a jarring tale of forbidden love that flourished in secret.
Until it wasn't a secret anymore.
He had gotten her pregnant.
Silvio Ademaro had spent nine months in Egypt. And on the thirteenth Friday of November, she was born.
The youngest heir to the Ayad fortune yet an Ademaro by blood.
Not only was she the first daughter in a lineage of purely bred Italian men, but she was the first of her kind.
The first impure Italian.
Silvio Ademaro was a family man, and everyone in the Galanti Mafioso classified as such. But if there was one thing about his family, it was that they didn't play nice with outsiders. They bled pure Italian blood and bred pure Italians.
She wouldn't fit in.
His family was ruthless, they'd tear her apart.
It wasn't long before word of his bastard child had spread to his inner circle, yet despite their disapproval of her existence, they used the child to secure an alliance with the Egyptians.
But like it'd been said, Silvio -unlike his two counter parts, was one of the good ones.
He loved his daughter despite what they all said, and would protect her at all costs. And so, when it was time for him to return home, he went alone.
He'd visited as much as he could, watched her grow up from afar. But much like Ayra, Silvio's daughter was kept away from her fathers life. Left to be raised in Cairo, alongside her grandmother, grandfather and mother. Only moving to live with her father in America-where he'd settled years later, after her mothers death.
Though even in America, she'd been kept at arms length, constantly ridiculed and singled out by the few family members that knew of her.
Born to a noble father and a sweetheart of a mother. Celina Ademaro lacked all that made her parents good.
She was a force to be reckoned with, so unlike her father - a powerful man, who single handedly made the subdivision of lower Manhattan known as Little Italy what it is today.
He'd opened up shops, migrated his family until lower Manhattan was crawling with nothing but the Italians who operate under the Galanti business.
It was a power play, a strategic move on his part.
But like it'd been said, superiority was an inherently human flaw.
Silvio Ademaro was a good businessman, but lurking beneath the shadows was someone better. Someone far more strategic, someone far more superior. Someone who'd already set his sights on what he wanted.
Poor Silvio didn't realize until it was too late, until he was backed into a corner and doomed. Because when the devil was after your crown, he'd take it and leave you begging on your knees for an ounce of mercy.
𓆩❤︎𓆪
Double update! See y'all in the authors note of next chapter.