Ribs - Lorde
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaBig hands, small touches.
Rough skin, soft brushes.
It's hard to concentrate. The words before me blur into the nothingness that they are while the finger absentmindedly tracing up my leg, nearly draws me into a perfect afternoon nap.
Silence stretches across the wooden floors, throughout the bookshelves, before settling between the man sat at the opposite end of the couch - tracing my skin as my feet lay across his lap, and the boy sat atop an arm chair across from him, studying the chess board between them.
It's the most comforting of its kind. A peace that comes in the presence of those you love. Until said man lands a smack to my thigh, "I didn't say you could stop."
I lower the book in my hand, it's just an inch but it's enough to peek at him over the rim of it. Despite his words aimed my way, Adrik doesn't look at me.
He's focused on the game before him, while his hand rests on my leg. It's a scene I'd never think to be my normal, but as I sit here and glance at the man, his blazer shrugged off and hung neatly across the room, while the face of his new watch glints a green that matches that of his tie, I know I'll gladly get use to it.
My silence finally drags his gaze, it's so blue, I'm surprised I haven't drowned to death. "Read it to me, D'yavolenok."
I hate that I share his attention with the book in my hands, but perhaps it's for the best because just like I'd done yesterday, the day before, and every other day, I read to him.
I understand nothing, I barely know the Russian alphabet, let alone enough to read him a novel, but I still try.
It's nothing but a string of stuttering while he listens, softly correcting me when I can't get the words right, even when he's seemed to memorize them all.
I get to the beginning of a new sentence and stop a moment to study the word. "U...Um.." The letters get harder to pronounce, so I stop, frustrated.
There's a soft poke to my calf. Adrik flattens his palm, runs it up and down my leg before looking over at me. "Umneye." He urges.
When he says it with such ease, I feel like an idiot.
"What does it mean?" I ask.
He looks back to the chessboard and moves a piece, "It's a term used in the same way Americans use Smartass."
The book in my hand folds shut, and I set it down. A devious smirk plays on my lips, "Ty umneye."
"I'm flattered." When he turns to look at me, he returns my smile. It's a slow stretch of his perfect lips, a soft touch to his sharp cheeks, while the little indents at the corners of his lips look almost like dimples. "But don't sell yourself too short, baby."
The second his words register and I see his smile for what it really is, smug and arrogant, mine drops. It isn't until I reach for my phone and translate it for myself that I realize I'd just told him he was smarter.
In retaliation, I kick my leg out into his lap, and murmur my response in a language he won't be able to understand, "Ya Hamar."
He catches my ankle before my foot can make it to his groin. When I resort to using my other foot, he grabs that one too, only this time, he brings it up to his mouth and lightly nips the skin above my ankle. "Say that again." It's a threat, as low as a murmur, while his eyes dance with challenge.
His teeth tickle my skin, and with a smile, I repeat the words, quietly yet delivered so sweetly, being called a donkey sounds nothing but beautiful. He doesn't seem to think so fond of it for the next thing I know, my world turns on its back, his cologne blankets over me while I'm attacked by all that makes him Adrik Kozlov.
Deep ocean eyes that crinkle at the corners. Perfectly kept hair that falls into my face. Pale skin, indented slightly around that faded scar so close, I can touch it. And strong hands that grab me so possessively, I can't help but snort out a laugh.
I struggle beneath him until it's a game of push and pull. One I squirm out of only for him to hold me in place. One I try to kick away from, only for him to pin my hips down with his.
He wins, and it's only because I like the feel of him on top of me, and enjoy the futile struggle. My hands land pinned on either side of my head, while he settles part of his weight on top of me.
I alter my approach, "What?" My voice is light, and innocent as I sink further into the leather couch while he lowers himself even closer. "I only said you were smart."
With a single glance between my deceiving eyes, Adrik Kozlov knows I'm lying. His lips tilt in that all knowing arrogant way, and just when I think he's going to open his mouth and prove me wrong, his eyes drop to my lips. He remains silent, while his chest heaves steadily against mine.
Somewhere in the time of him studying my lips, his itch closer. So close his breath tangles with mine. I smell of my cherry lipstick, his smells clean, faintly minty and I can't put my finger on it exactly, but I know it's enticing.
I taste it a moment later.
His lips are firm to mine, moving slowly against them until he melts into me just as I do him.
It's maddening. The way he kisses is enigmatic. He gives me his all, yet still moves so mysteriously I can never get enough of him.
His grip cuffed to my wrists loosens until his hands travel up to my hands. I catch his fingers with mine, and with a harsh breath, he deepens the kiss.
It's overwhelming, he's so possessive with it and I can't help but mirror it.
When he coaxes my lips apart, I fight him. When I drag my teeth across his bottom lip, he slips his tongue into my mouth and devours me without mercy. There's nothing soft about it as we fight for dominance. He leads, I'm quick to follow. Digging my nails into his hands, while he disregards everything but me.
He doesn't consider how I'll need to breathe, nor does he let me pull away and like an addict to the drug that is this man, I submit.
My heart races. His chest heaves. Beneath it, his beats erratically, proving I'm not alone in my desperation.
My cherry lipstick tangles between us, its taste sweet while the heat of his mouth burns a trail down my throat as each swallowed breath leaves me craving more.
It feels like time stretches on forever against him, yet it's not nearly long enough because the instant he pulls away, I want it all over again.