Adele - Skyfall
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaRage.
Violent and uncontrolled.
Endless and purposeful.
A catalyst for destruction.
Perhaps, my excuse for it is in hopes of a release for the rage I'm so chronically pained by. Or maybe, it's in an attempt to gain back the power I so effortlessly handed him on a platter when I confessed something so... vulnerable. So weak.
Or perhaps, it's just fucking payback.
Either way, I don't give him the chance to follow after me when I leave them in the underground tunnels.
Fuck him.
Fuck Adrik Kozlov and his lies. His games. His fucking schemes.
I'm trembling with so much pent up anger that by the time I make it back up to the doc, past the closed gate and to my car - his Urus, I barely register anything.
The engine roaring, the street blurring and every fucking car driving a snails pace on the freeway. It's not long before my rage brings blaring sirens and flashing lights.
I settle more of my weight onto my foot atop the pedal, until I decide to slow, and willingly pull over.
The cop pull's over behind me, and I wait for him to run my plates in his shitty little system. The car wasn't registered in my name, which made what I had in mind all the more deserving.
I contemplate what he'll do next when he realizes who the car belongs to, but in the en, I leave it up to fate.
Only every single cop in this city was corrupt and all fate decided was whom they were bought out by.
Majority belonged to the Italians, some to Rosso. Now, with the rise of the Russians, I knew there was a big possibility he was on Adrik's payroll.
I'm proved wrong when the man doesn't seem to flinch at the name, going so far as to get out of the car and make it to my side, pounding harshly on my window.
I debate speeding off but think better of it, for now.
I wanted to play.
Normally, I'd be smiling as I roll the window down and face him because I enjoyed this shit. But the dull ache in my chest craves pure violence. The cruelest kind.
I grab my disregarded fountain drink and take a long sip, barely looking over at him. "You have three seconds to tell me why you're wasting my time, officer." Fragile men didn't like being undermined by women. And those in positions of power threw tantrums because they could.
"Aside from speeding with these illegally tinted windows? You can start by cutting the attitude," Teeth clash, breathing intensifies and the tantrum begins with his hand moving to his gun. "You do not want me to escalate things, sweetheart."
"Please do, bitch boy." And because I have a death wish, I take the half empty fountain drink in my hand and throw it at his head.
The cherry soda drenches the man, and the empty cup barely hits the pavement before his gun is up and aimed my way.
"Hands up-" He approaches I let him until he's so close, his gun tips inside the car, "You're under arrest-" and before he can finish his sentence, I twist his wrist, steal his gun, toss it into my passenger seat and slam my foot down on the gas, turning back into the highway where I know he'll follow.
Despite the thrill of the chase and the excitement, it doesn't bring me as much joy as it usually does.
And I blame Adrik Kozlov for it all.
He'd fed me lies.
He'd manipulated me.
And worst of all, he made me so delusional, I opened myself up to him.
In all honestly, it was myself I hated most. For thinking he cared. For caring that he didn't.
I nearly crash through the gate of the old Plutarch Manor the cop somewhere far behind, but I don't care. By the time he catches up, the gates will be closed and the guards outside will either scare him off, or kill him.
I don't know how the Russians operate.
And I know fucking nothing about the most important one of them all.
And yet he knew everything and more about me.
I vow to change that, and I'm going to start by disappearing.
I don't care to pack any of my clothes, handbags or shoes. All I manage into my duffle bag is my knives, I.D and medical supplies, before I'm back downstairs in the main living area of his wing and searching for the only person I care for.
I don't find Sitto in her bedroom off of the kitchen, nor do I find her in the living room, or anywhere else for that matter.
And just as panic takes ahold of what little is left of my restraint, I exit the French doors off of the living room into the courtyard and find her figure slumped over an oversized flower bed.
Despite the storm wreaking havoc on my life, the late morning air is crisp and the sun shines down onto the freshly watered grass.
It's a beautiful summer day.
"Ya Hmara." She doesn't look away from the mass of tulips and I force my gaze away from the flowers I'd grown up around. "It was about time you finally came down from your room. Do you think I am an Olympian? You know, I don't climb up stairs..." Her words trail off, her Arabic slowing as she stands and turns to face me, eyeing the duffle bag in my hand. "What's wrong?"
"We're leaving." I nod to the house behind me. "Let's go pack your stuff."
"No," Like a stubborn child, the woman nearly fifty years my senior turns back to examine the white petals of those God awful flowers.
"Why. Not." I grit.
She rolls her eyes at me. "There is land here for my flowers. There is Arabic in the T.V. And there is someone else cleaning up all the messes you make." When I step closer to her, she dismisses me with a wave of her chubby hand. "I haven't been this comfortable since I was back home."