Honest - The Neighbourhood
𝔚𝔚𝔚
AdrikRemnants of processed sugar and artificial sweetener leave a bitter burn in my mouth yet even as I drag a hand across it in an attempt to rid the taste, it lingers.
She lingers.
It's a strong taste, so strong that I begin to wonder what possessed me to voluntarily put myself in such a disgusting situation.
It wasn't because I wanted to. I didn't. It wasn't even because of the look on her face.
It was the look on her fathers face.
The old Italian man's features tighten, anxiety and panic force heavy lines onto his face.
That was why I kissed her.
It's a satisfying sight, so much so, that I lean into the lunatic at my side, so close that my nose skims the silky strands of her hair next to her ear. "Play nice."
It's an order I know she won't heed, despite smelling of sweetness and tasting of such, the woman was anything but.
An elbow digs into my side, and her eyes connect with mine when she turns her head. "Fuck off with ordering me around, Kozlov."
"No." I respond plainly, relishing in the way her serpent green eyes narrow slightly. The only time this arrangement was bearable was when I succeeded in pissing her off.
Due to how much she's breaching my personal space, my gaze naturally draws down to her mouth, which she opens to respond to me. Painted in that signature deep red, I watch them, waiting for what she's going to say next.
She suddenly pauses and those lips slowly stretch into a sideways smile. "Don't tell me you're thinking about kissing me again."
My eyes linger in question, her lips tip in self assurance and when I realize what she's implying, I snap my eyes away from her mouth, up to her. My features stone and my gaze unimpressed. "Don't flatter yourself."
"How could I not when you're looking at me like that." tilting her head back to look up at me, she leans closer, her lips ghosting over mine, while her words escape in a murmur. "Tell me, Adrik, are you falling in love with me and my mouth?"
This woman had a knack for saying things in a way that made my mind want to wander and for the briefest of moments I'm tempted to give into the temptation that is the mouth in question.
Love was the farthest thing from my thoughts when I thought about her let alone her smart mouth.
I'd laugh if the idea of laughing at something she'd said didn't give me hives.
The clearing of a throat from behind her seems to break our conversation and while we both don't glance at him, we know he's here.
"This is a family function. Do you mind?" The carefully grit question is aimed at me, but it's my fiancé who's eyes gloss over in rage before she responds.
"Oh, my bad." She sounds anything but apologetic and that evil glint in her eyes is anything but good. Yet I'm still caught off guard when a small hand fists my tie and pulls me towards her before bringing her smart mouth to mine.
Her lips press to mine, they instantly begin moving along mine and as if that isn't enough to piss off her father, she pushes her tongue into my mouth with an over exaggerated moan.
Every cell in my body is fighting the urge to pull away from her wandering tongue, one I don't want in my mouth. While the other part of me grows angry from her ambush.
I kissed her, she didn't get to kiss me.
But it seems as though my lack of response angers her for the next thing I know, she's pulling back slightly, taking the warmth of her mouth against mine away. "What the fuck are you doing?" Her low, annoyed murmur floats into my mouth, "Kiss me back."
"Shut up," I snap, yet despite myself, I grasp her neck beneath my palm, and pull her back into me, and for appearances sake, kiss her back.
I hate every second of it.
The way her lips smash against mine, the rhythm in which her breaths turn into short sighs and ragged pants. The way every curve in this tight little black dress molds to my front.
And then there's the taste of her.
Sweet.
Public displays of trashy intimacy were hardly good for my image, especially with someone like her. Yet here I stand, swapping saliva, voluntarily. Tasing her as though I'm starved and deprived.
I'm not.
In fact I don't want this woman in the slightest. I'd never craved to kiss anyone, let alone someone I hate.
But what I grow to hate even more is when she pulls away to catch her breath.
"Get a room!" Someone calls before a group of scrawny boys who barely look like men all begin to chuckle. I merely glance at Silvio's son laughing with his friends.
He sombers up instantly, before seeming to growing uncomfortable under my stare. I don't stop looking at him, finding comfort in how stressed he begins to get, that is until a small hand takes ahold of mine, dragging my attention back to dark silky hair, green eyes and smeared red lips. "I actually have one upstairs. Let's go, Addie-"
"Enough, Celina." Silvio looks mere seconds from a heart attack while his voice rises, earning the attention of people nearby.
As though shuffling to his rescue in fear of drawing more attention to himself, Silvio's wife rushes up to his side, and grabs his arm in an to calm him while her face flushes a bright pink.
"You're right. I'm sorry." My soon to be wife says earnestly, her voice soft, innocent. "I'll just wait till we get home before letting him fuck me."
"Jesus, Celina." Silvio acts as nothing but a doting father, one who was paying for all lies that finally caught up to him. Sadly for him, but lucky for me, his daughter wasn't so forgiving. "Why are you both here?"
The woman who I now realize is still holding my hand, and still pressed into me goes slightly rigid. He didn't know I was here already, meaning that she's made the connection and realized that whatever business I had here wasn't for him.
Silvio was low hanging fruit- yet another person I was using to achieve my goal.
I wasn't here for him.