Can school actually bring you something joyful? Something good, that stays with you for a long time?
Some can find this one thing easily, others however, it takes a bit of work.
"So how did you meet?"
"That's a funny story actually......"
Name: Zailey (zay-lee) Olivia Hunter
Age: 17
Star sign: Scorpio
Family: Sister Rachel, Mum and Dad
Height: 174cm
Eye colour: Blue
Hair colour: Dark brown
Appearance: freckles, tall and thin, long legs, long hair that is slightly ombré at the bottoms
Likes: music, sleep, food, skirts, photography
Dislikes: School, pasta, popular kids, and school
Personality: shy around new people, but funny and talkative when comfortable, nice to people, even ones she doesn't like because she doesn't like to be on people's bad side.
"Dad, there are a few things that a teenage girl is supposed to hide from her parents. It's a rule. Read the rule book." I told him seriously.
"Okay... So, does this friend of yours have a name?" He asked.
"Daddy!" I exclaimed.
"A father is supposed to know the name and addresses of all the boys his daughter ever thinks about. It's a rule. Read the rule book, missy!" He shot back.
"But you're not supposed to know about the older, bad boys your daughter thinks about." I smirked at him, crossing my arms.
I mean, he is older than me...
Well played, Liv!
"It's Hunter Kingston, isn't it?" Dad asked with a deadpan look.
My smirk dropped much like my hands that dropped down like noodles by my side.
"Yes." I answered sheepishly.
"He's the only older, bad boy you can talk to." Dad chuckled.
❣💕❣💕❣💕❣
Do you remember who your childhood friends were?
Probably. Probably not.
Well, Olivia does.
They were a close-knit group of four. Then they were a group of three. Then two. And finally, the group no longer existed...
Olivia, Ryan, Kaylee and Hunter were the closest of friends till the end of middle school. But like always, high school changed everything.
But what happens when Olivia decides to act upon her crush on her ex-best friend, Ryan?
Will it reveal the secrets of the past or will it just lead to more trouble and distance between these four?
Read on to find out...