Nicki Minaj - Last Time I Saw You
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaFuck this.
I didn't do awkward. I didn't do silence and I sure as fuck didn't do guilt.
"So..." I blame the lack of space in the car for the tension in the air just as I blame the scent of expensive Italian leather for the unease I feel. In a desperate plea for a distraction, I examine my slightly overgrown nails. "Does this mean I get to enjoy bottomless memosas and beach naps in Bora Bora?"
I'm all honesty, the thought of yet another drink makes me physically ill. So ill my stomach turns and it's not because the man next me me doesn't respond.
Hungover from the vodka and exhausted from the lack of sleep, I persist. "I wonder what the foods like-"
The engine revs, the once still trees blur behind the glass while the car dips and curves along the road, sending my stomach into a roar. But it's the moment in the midst of the stillness, where he turns and those blue eyes, dead and so emotionless glance at me, that I just know I'm not going to taste the divine cuisine Bora Bora has to offer.
He turns to face the road, leaving me with nothing but the hard lines and sharp angles of his side profile. So unwelcoming and dismissive.
He's giving me the silent treatment.
Real fucking mature.
I don't care.
My attention moves to the duffle bag in my lap. I'd managed to slip into a pair of my jeans and a supportive bra he must have packed somewhere in the haze of it all, but I was stupid enough to leave my shirt on.
His shirt.
Well, if he thinks I'm stepping foot out in public wearing his shit then he's fucking delusional.
I lift his shirt over my head and toss it somewhere in back of the car.
He doesn't look over at me, his hand does however flex against the steering wheel while his jaw barely ticks. But he doesn't glance my way.
Blinded by a sudden wave of annoyance, I don't even bother to properly look at whatever the fuck I pull out and slip on as a shirt. All I know is that it's tight, small and mine.
"Does this mean you've handled your lunatic sister?" He's quiet, the engine isn't. "You know, the bitch that tried to kill us?"
"You." I stop at the sound of his voice. Low and steady, barely heard over the hum of the overpriced car we're sitting in. "She was trying to kill you."
That makes me pause. Not because the bitch with a cheap box dyed hair scares me, she doesn't. But because the man's so effortlessly causal about it.
"I highly doubt she's been dealt with in the day and a half we've been preoccupied." And by preoccupied I mean, with me and inside me.
A small hint of annoyance laces his tone, yet it's still so detached. "She hasn't."
"Then why are we leaving?" I turn and toss the entire duffle back in the back seat, trying to act unbothered by his cold shoulder.
I was use to people being mad at me. My personality was far too superior for some to understand.
I found a sense of comfort in making people mad, now, however, I feel oddly empty knowing that the one person who seemed immune to me and my destructiveness was finally growing sick of it.
Of me.
"Time is precious." The realization that he's slowly growing sick of me doesn't doesn't make what he says any easier to process."I have more important things to do than waste mine on you."
And there it is, what I knew was bound to come.
People either grew sick of each other, or they outgrew each other. I didn't think it'd happen this soon with us, nor did I think it'd hurt this much.
"So you're okay with your sister killing me and ruining everything you've worked for?" It's phrased as a taunt, disguising the helpless need for reassurance.
His response is clear when it doesn't come. He doesn't fight me, he doesn't counter. He doesn't care anymore.
I sit in the silence, damn near kill myself in it until I can't take it anymore.
"Pull over." I debate smashing my head into the window in hopes of it distracting me from this misery I feel. But even then I don't think it'll make it go away. "I'm hungry and need to pee."
Nothing.
I look over at him. It's as though he's blocked me out, grew tired of my presence. I realize this feeling is the worst.
"Unless you want me to pass out in...." I glance down at the imaginary watch on my wrist. "Two minutes, I suggest you feed me, because it's been hours since I've had something to eat."
I wait for his retort. Wait for him to tell me he'd rather I passed out because then I'll finally shut up, but it doesn't come. And he doesn't fail to make me feel like an inconvenience when he does eventually take an exit, and pull into a Diner in the middle of butt fuck no where.
He's out of the car and walking towards the doors without so much as glancing in my direction, leaving me to following behind, oddly out of place behind a man so composed and put together in an impeccable suit.
"Welcome, Handsome," A warm southern voice greets him, and I already know I'm going to want to gouge my eyes out by the end of this. "Table for one?"
I catch the door as it's about to close and step in behind the mountain of a man, just in time for him to turn and brush past the girl to move towards a far table. "For one and whatever you'd call that."
He's clearly talking about me but the waitress is far too busy staring after him to notice me. He doesn't spare either of us a glance as he stops at a table and glances down at it. "I want it cleaned again."
He acts like he owns the place, standing there with an air of arrogance, superiority and power. "And I want to find a gun but we can't all get what we want-"
The Southern blonde with too much pep in her step, jumps at the command in his voice, ignoring me and my self deprecating joke to hurry towards him. "Of course, Sir!"
I stare after her, she's overly enthusiastic and it begins to piss me off. So much so, that I debate starving myself in hopes of passing out and not having to be a witness to this shit. But in the end, my love for a good meal prevails and instead, I turn and find the bathroom.