The Weeknd - After hours
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaWomen were suppose to have boundaries when it came to men.
Some drew the line at being degraded, some at violence, others at cruelty, and most, if not all, drew the line at flat out murder.
I was beginning to think I had no boundaries.
My fiancé - fake or not - killing a man in cold blood should have crossed the line. Watching his large frame as he steeped away from the corpse, used his non-bloodied hand to pick up the tray of food and slide it next to me, before pulling me up into a sitting position and handing a glass of juice, should have been a boundary crossed. And realizing he'd been nothing but silent, emptiness swimming in his endless pools of blue should have been a red flag.
Instead, I sat up in a bed that wasn't mine and indulged in food that was intended for me, while he disappeared behind a nearby door. The sound of water following soon after telling me he'd started the shower.
Of course he was showering.
I sit in the room, finish my juice and listen to the waves crash against the boat as we near the docks where the lights of the city sparkle in the night sky.
Ten minutes ago, I was far too weak to do anything, all I could do was lay there with my chest constantly constricting and my pulse fast enough to send me to an early grave.
I hated that feeling.
Hate that I couldn't stop him.
Hate that it scared me.
Hate that it made me vulnerable.
I fiddle with the empty glass in my hand, my gaze flickering to the bloodied corpse mere feet away from me, his blood staining the plush carpet beneath him.
I wish I could've killed him.
And as though I need to make up for the disappointment, I chuck the glass in my hand towards him, with all my strength until it shatters against his head.
Of course, he doesn't flinch, he's dead.
It calms me enough to finish my food and get lost in my head where I can't help but think. Only thinking seems to be the last thing I want to do.
I don't want to think about what killing the kin to an Italian mafia family meant. War.
I don't want to think about why Adrik lost his composure- the one thing he never did. For me.
And I most certainly don't want to think about what his actions say about his feelings towards me. I don't know.
A knock sounds on the locked bedroom door and after a long moment, I stand on wobbly legs and make it to the door. I recognize a few of Adrik's people.
Buzzcut, whom I'd deemed the most bearable of Adrik's minions speaks first. "We're here to dispose of the body."
I cast a glance over my shoulder to said body, limp and still on the floor, somehow feeling unsatisfied. "I'm not done with it." I mumble, contemplation heavy in my words.
Was I really that low as to torture a corpse in an attempt to make myself feel better?
Possibly.
"I'll throw him overboard when I'm done."
The man whom I haven't bothered to learn his name and call him Buzzcut, eyes me wearily. "We're too close to shore. The boats being docked as we speak."
Annoyance bubbles in my chest, I highly doubted these men and women, questioned anything Adrik did or said. You'd think as his fiancé I'd be given the same. "Then I'll call you when I'm done," And before he can respond, I slam the door in his face and lock it.
Logic tells me my glucose levels are barely high enough to walk, let alone waste my energy on torturing a corpse but as my eyes find what would've been my... half brother's , bile rises in my throat.
I'd never felt so weak in my life, so helpless and worst of all, in need of help.
It doesn't make me feel sad, unstable or even in need of someone to talk to.
It makes me livid.
I walk to the dead body, spit in the piece of shits face and kick his head a few times until I feel better.
And when I'm finally satisfied, I turn to the room and gather my stilettos. I'd burn them if there weren't red Ruby's engraved into the intricate detailings.
I'm too preoccupied perched up on the bed, slipping on my heels, to realize the showers stopped running and by the time I do, the door's already opened.
I pause, every muscle in my body tensing while his sudden presence swallows the room whole and his attention sears me like an unwanted spotlight.
I don't look up in fear that if I do, I'd see an ounce of pity or anything soft in those blue eyes, because then, I'd have to leave.
I don't want to leave.
When I sense the emptiness that comes from the absence of his gaze, I look up and the sight of him nearly erases all traces of thoughts from my mind.
Perfect. Impeccable.
Face fresh and clean, hair dark and wet, some lone strands mat to his forehead while he walks to a nearby dresser and opens it to reveal an array of ties, cuff links and watches.
With his back turned to me, I take the moment to rake my gaze over his blazer and note the difference in material from the one he'd had on ten minutes ago.
Of course the man is insane enough to have a spare full piece suit.
"Why is it still here." His deep voice reeks of indifference and while I can't see his face, I know he's referring to the elephant in the room.
The blooded, dead elephant.
When I don't respond, he turns around and my gaze drops to his hands as he does up his tie. I feel his eyes drilling into me with an intensity I don't know what to make of so I focus on his hands.
Unblemished. Strong.
You couldn't tell he'd used them to kill a man mere minutes ago.