Love me Like You Do - Ellie Goulding
𝔚𝔚𝔚
They came again. This time with a gift.
The father didn't care. The mother, it must have been her idea.
She was different. A power hungry strategist, one so desperate for more of it, she'd cross any line.
I asked her why she came back. She told me she heard of my sudden alliance with the Italians.
The last time she'd come I swore not to take sides in this war. I told the Italian boy the same thing, up until he impregnated my daughter and gave me a grand-daughter.
I told her the Italians gave me a good reason to. She said she'd offer me a better one.
Her gift was odd. An uncommon possession of a being. I didn't know how far she'd go with it, but I passed on what she offered. She played him like a pawn, he couldn't even talk yet.
But I knew I wasn't her first, nor last stop. When I refused and sent her to another, I feared the consequences. This woman did not forgive or forget.
In her eyes, I was siding with her enemy.
Tension's were rising. Blood spilling.
Perhaps it needs to stop. And perhaps I need to do it all myself.
For the sake of those we love, we must risk peace.
Celina
Mid day light touches concrete, its breeze moving past the awaiting cars on the tarmac and through the trees in the far distance.
Jido's journal sits in my pocket, read completely, twice over, leaving me a wondering mess, while sapphire blue stay glued to my every move.
Guilt takes my eyes from his, while stress forces me forward. His seat belt comes off first, and when he stands, I grab the chain bit between his cuffed hands and drag him with me to the now open door of the jet.
He doesn't speak. He follows after me only to come to a stop when I do at the bottom of the stairs.
Dima spots me first, but like a natural subordinate, his eyes coast to the man behind me, and when they land on the cuffs, every single Russian, aside from mine behind me, lifts their guns, aiming at little old me.
My first instinct is to demand Adrik call them off. But Deja Vu stills me to a time and place where he'd had them shoot at me once before.
Dima's voice breaks the spell, startling me into the present with his demand. "Un-cuff him."
"No."
The click of his gun echoes, his angry eyes and metal barrel aimed my way. "Then I will shoot you-"
For the first time in hours, Adrik speaks. Only not to me. "Nyet."
It's rough yet loud. Thick yet so full of contrasting emotions, I can't bring myself to continue.
I eventually push through, grabbing the keys from Dima and leading my hostage to the passenger seat. When I make it into the drivers seat, I wait for no one.
I simply zoom onto the freeway, and try not to think. But the deafening silence forces it upon me. I think of how unnatural Adrik is as a passenger. How I can't remember a time where he was driven around, because he doesn't trust like that anymore.
I think of how he sits next to me so seemingly calm, his anger a simmering rage, while he consciously passes up on every opportunity he has to get free.
He could have used his strength to forcefully take the keys from my hands on the plan. He could have let Dima shoot me and get him free. And right now, he could very well reach over and take complete control.
But he doesn't.
Anticipation builds in the car. I accelerate faster, while his silence suffocates me. In an attempt to fix it, I roll down the window, and when that doesn't work, I fill it. "So you really are a Prince." I force a humorous breath. It dies in his quiet. "Why on earth would you leave and come here?"
He doesn't speak to me. When I glance towards him, he's sat up in his seat. Tension fills the muscles in his jaw, while his sharp eyes remain on the road ahead. Outraged, he's giving me the silent treatment.
"Your mother promised me your power." I supply, looking back to the road while his lack of response makes my heart sink, so much so that my words aloud are irrelevant in comparison.
This is all wrong. So so wrong.
But like I've been doing the past few days, I don't let myself think. I just drive. I drive until the speed limits decreased, until the roads turn to gravel and branches crack beneath the tires.
I drive until the map on my phone takes me to the coordinates she'd sent, and finally, I stop when I catch sight of the cars piled up.
I come to a slow halt, as the men draw their weapons and when I make a move to get out of the car, Adrik stops me. "She'll kill you to hurt me."
Hard and cold, he sounds mechanical as he speaks, but traces of desperation linger as though he's trying one last time. I look away from him. "I told her I'm pregnant. She won't hurt me when I'm the one carrying the heir she wants."
When I catch his eyes, I don't see myself in them anymore. Not when he's staring at me like I'm someone he doesn't know anymore. And suddenly, it's all too real. Only it's too late to back out now.
Overgrown grass brushes against my jeans, the summer heat breaks a sweat across my forehead, but it's all forgotten when I open his door and pull him out. My hands shake, I grab his. My heart beats, I want to feel his.
But I don't.
I lead him past the dozens of men who aim at him as though even cuffed he's a danger, while I find the only other women stood protected behind them all.
Zlata stands next to her mother watching us closely. The woman at her side standing taller, her blue eyes come to me, hints of suspicion lining them before it's replaced with something enthralling as she catches sight of my hostage.
I lead us to her and glance to the tips of the structure l I know all too well in the distance. We're near the manor. About a hundred meters into the forest behind the gardens.
"Why here?" I ask her.
"Convenience." She doesn't take her eyes from her son. My hand tightens around his. "It'll be easier to take back what's mine when he's gone from here."