Montell Fish - Hotel
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaThere were three things that made my world go round.
The first, out of pure obligation and respect had to be my Sitto - but she was besides the point. The real focus of this inner monologue was the other two; eating and sleeping.
When I didn't eat enough, I got angry. When I didn't get a good nights sleep, I either got aggressive or flat out violent.
In this moment of time, I was on the cusp of a new reaction, far worse than the fore-mentioned.
The sun blares onto my face, into my shut eyes, the burn enough to disturb my peace. A sense of peace that was already hanging on by a thread.
It's all so painfully uncomfortable.
The heat steams off my skin but doesn't seem to go far with the amount of pressure blanketing around me. The bed is so small, my body doesn't move in fear of falling and I'm in a state of tiredness that's put me into a delusion so deep, I'm under the impression that if I keep my eyes closed, I'll drift off and forget everything around me.
That doesn't happen.
When I can't take it anymore, my eyes drift open and the desire for violence is briefly interrupted by confusion when I spot the blanket thrown across the floor as though I'd kicked it off in my sleep.
Then what the fuck is on me...
Instinctively, my gaze trickles down the length of my body laid across the bed, stiffening when I catch sight of the monstrosity causing all this discomfort.
An arm, one that by the sheer weight of it, feels like a pound of fucking bricks squeezing my ribcage so hard I'm sure my lungs are moments from giving out is thrown across my waist.
The unblemished skin is exposed, the muscles at rest still on display while veins run beneath the skin of his forearm down to his hand that's fisting a chunk of my dress.
I have half a mind to think someone sunk into my room late at night, but critical thinking tells me otherwise.
The bizarre reality takes yet another unexpected turn when I make a move to look to the body behind me, only to stop at the lack of room between our bodies.
Not only is the man sleeping behind me, with his arm thrown across my waist, in a manner that seems so natural, but he's far closer than I'd ever allow a man to lay peacefully, let alone him.
I don't know what to make of this situation, and perhaps it's the delirium catching up to me, but I have the briefest urge to shut my eyes and go back to sleep.
I'm on the cusp of following through with it, when I snap my eyes open, mortified at the thought that I - Celina Ademaro was willing to sleep next to a man who'd done nothing but try to kill me.
Fuck no.
A foul taste makes its way up my throat, prompting me to move my hand down until my fingers brush across his wrist and wrap around it.
His wrist is large, his skin soft, and my hand barely wraps the entire circumference of it as I make a move to lift it up and off me, but am stopped from doing so.
"Touch me for a second longer and I'll break what's left of your functioning fingers." The rumble of a deep throaty voice sounds directly into my ear and the proximity of it stuns me into a brief silence.
He's closer than I thought, his steady breathing barely hits my ear, but I feel his chest heave in a steady pace at my back and realise that Adrik Kozlov had been spooning me all night.
The news crashes into me like an unwanted rash, and I'm equal parts disturbed at him and myself for not instantly pulling away.
Figuring that my silence must lead him to believe his threat is working, I let go of his wrist and turn around to face him.
His hold doesn't loosen, and my dress, fisted in his hand, stretches to adjust. My retort to his threat stays ready on the tip of my tongue as I take in the man.
Apparently even Adrik Kozlov was no match for the the summer heat seeing as he'd removed his dress shirt, leaving him in a white t-shirt. A sight so casual with the material tightening around his shoulders and chest, my mind veers to a place in which he's not Adrik Kozlov but a handsome stranger in my bed.
All that thought does is send a surge of sexual frustration through me, something that worsens the more I trail my eyes down to his chest inches from mine and then down to his abdomen, my imagination of the build beneath his shirt only worsening it all.
Finally, after what feels like an eternity, I force my gaze up to his face.
Eyes shut, lashes rested against his cheekbones, the man almost looks at peace and normal. His features are still hard, jaw still sharp, and the scar running across his cheekbone stares back at me, contrasting the untouchable aura in a way that makes me question how he'd acquired it.
I shouldn't care. He isn't even worth it.
"You let go first." I murmur, breaking the silence that'd engulfed between us. A silence that was growing to be too peaceful, too tranquil.
He must register my voice to be far closer than he'd expected because in a moments time, his eyes are snapping open to reveal blue irises. So dark, rich and clear as they stare back at me.
Confusion is the first of many emotions to flicker across his face while his eyes stare directly into mine, then flicker across my face, and finally down to my lips as I send him a patronising smile.
Annoyance is the next to flare, but I remain where I am and wait for his own gaze to trail down my body practically pushed up against his.
It takes him longer than I'd expect to register what he's doing and I wonder if it's due to the way his gaze lingers on my tits nearly spilling over the top of the dress that he's fisting so hard.
I don't blame him for looking, though. My tits look good.
But just as quick, his gaze brushes past my chest and moves lower, to the arm thrown around my waist, and the hand fisting my dress. It's then that the third emotion strikes. Disgust.
He masks it quickly, his stoic face back in place as he pulls away like I've got a bacterial virus and knowing him, he probably thinks I do.
"First you defend my honour." I sigh, watching his back muscles contract as he lifts himself up and off the bed, standing to his full height. "And now, you're spooning me?" I trail my gaze up to him as he stands.