Brent Faiyaz - All Mine
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaNever have I ever orgasmed at the hands of a man.
As of five minutes ago, that's turned into a lie.
Don't get me wrong, I've had my fair share of sexual encounters.
I lost my virginity to a random in an attempt to spite Silvio and it hurt too much to be enjoyable. I'd faked it with Seb - every time, and avoided it with every other man I'd entertained.
Sex was never in my benefit, which is why I didn't have it often.
But now, as I watch strong hands, so pale, his blue veins trail prominently up to fingers so long and thick I'd only needed one of them to get off on, I wonder what it'd feel like to be fucked by Adrik Kozlov.
Would he be brutal? Meticulous? Boring?
I don't know. All I know is that if what he'd just managed to do was anything to go off of, boring would be the last thing on my mind.
I watch him from where I stand, I'm still pushed up against the bookshelf, and can't find the will to hold up my trembling legs much less move.
I can't help but stare at him, while, for once, I have nothing to say. My last spoken words had been his name, escaped in a desperate cry from my lips, at his request.
He hadn't said anything after, he simply stood against me, his body covering most my naked one from view as I came so hard I deliberated dropping to my knees and showing him that I could in fact be grateful.
Extremely grateful.
But instead, a stillness had suffocated the surrounding air. I couldn't move, speak or even breath as he stared at me with an intensity that pit something akin to fear in my stomach.
The kind that I got off on.
He'd touched my lips, smeared his finger across my bottom one, before giving it a pinch.
I stared back at him, dragged my tongue across what he'd smeared on my bottom lip and then reached for his belt.
He pulled away without another glance in my direction.
Adrik Kozlov who up until that point was far too close to get a good look at me- all of me, didn't even peek at my naked body. Instead, he walked away from me, to his desk, - kicking my discarded clothes across the floor towards me in the process- and occupied his attention on using a wet wipe to clean his hands like a man who had nothing better to do than get dirt and grime off his hands.
I'd eventually gotten the hint, and through the sudden embarrassment, found my bearings enough to fix my bra, ditch the torn underwear by my feet and slip on my poor excuse of a skirt while he walked to the fireplace across the room and light a fire like I wasn't there.
I didn't give a fuck if it hurt to bend over and slip on my skirt. I'd be dammed if I stood here, naked, while he still had yet to do so much as loosen his fucking tie.
It was at that moment that I realized, I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction.
I'm seconds from shooting myself in the foot to distract from the pain in my abdomen when I reach over to grab the shirt he'd kicked by my feet.
My thumb brushes the material just as a large shoe kicks it away, out of my grasp.
"Who knew an orgasm was all it took to get you to shut up." Comes his low hum.
Remember that thing I said about wanting to know how it'd feel like to be fucked by Adrik Kozlov?
Never mind.
My molars begin to ache, yet I only grit my teeth harder. "That's funny, I could've sworn you were begging me to say your name a few minutes ago."
My words are forced through pain, something I don't let him see as I stand upright only to be met with his body, far closer than anticipated.
His blazer is gone, so is his tie.
He's in his white button up and slacks. Not a wrinkle or crease in sight. So simple, so clean, so him.
H doesn't look the slightest bit fazed by me as he brings a hand up and begins to unbutton his shirt. "I'm afraid your definition of begging is skewed." The sharp angles of his face soften in the slightest when he tilts his head at me, "Begging would be you desperately pleading for me to let you come."
Despite my body's protest, I straighten, the pain dulled by something much worse. Annoyance.
"It worked didn't it?" I watch the corded muscles in his arms flex as he pulls off his dress shirt. Yet disappointment is quick to settle when I realize he's got a white t-shirt underneath.
I realize while I'd been bare before his eyes I had yet to get anything past a PG-13 glance of him.
It's purely an impulsive thought when I reach forward and smooth a hand down his abdomen, it's firm, muscular and flexes beneath my palm as I flatten it down to the hem. My gaze naturally trails down to where he's obviously still hard.
He brushes off my touch, grabbing my wrist and pushing it away like it makes him angry. I can't help the juxtaposing thought that invade my mind. He'd touched me like he needed me in order to survive minutes ago, now, it was as though I was yet another repulsive thought.
"What do you think you're doing?" I finally snap when I feel a hand brush the skin of my back before the clasp of my bra gives out.
Instinctively, I hold my forearm across my chest, I'd gathered enough self respect to know that his refusal to let me see any of him left me feeling ashamed.
He doesn't pay any mind to me, he simply begins to slip my free hand into the sleeve of his white button up and waits for me to let him do the same to my other arm.
I don't know why I let him.
I use the hand slipped into his shirt to hold my bra to my chest, so he can slip his sleeve onto my other arm. He keeps his eyes trained on me, and then begins to button the shirt from top to bottom.
I don't argue.
I just stare ahead at the tight white cotton stretched across his chest. "Why haven't you gotten naked?"
Low and calm his voice is laced with indifference, his gaze cast down to the buttons of the shirt. As though he doesn't hate putting me in his clothes. "That seems to be your job."