metro boomin - creepin'
The English text in italics means they're speaking in Arabic.
𝔚𝔚𝔚
CelinaIf you told me I'd be spending my Friday night tied to a chair, topless, with the most attractive man I'd ever laid eyes on. I'd be disappointed to know that it was to prove my relation to my papá as twelve - now eleven - people watched.
But alas, here I was, humouring this man while inadvertently humiliating myself.
The man's fingers fly across his phone screen and I can't help the way my eyes linger on his hands as he sends out a text, the picture he'd just snapped of me no doubtedly the subject.
I debate on telling him that I'm the worst person to hang over the Italian mafia's head, especially when half of them didn't know I existed, and the other half, alienated me. But I bite my tongue, knowing that if I did so, my chances of getting out of here alive would be cut in half.
With that thought in mind, I dart my eyes to the door.
Five people stand in my direct line of escape, four men, one woman.
I could take out the men with ease, but the woman, she was slim and small, meaning what she lacked in build, she made up for in skill.
She'd be a challenge.
I'd need to take her out first-
"You try anything and I'll kill you myself." My captors smooth voice breaks me from my thoughts and I turn to look up at him, while his attention remains on his phone.
I spit the rag in my mouth at his feet, aiming for his shoe but it seems like his instincts are more attentive than a trained assassin's for he steps a quarter of an inch to the side, dodging the hit.
"I'd like to see you try." Despite the indifference oozing off him, my anger is clear as day in my response.
He slips the phone into his pocket and finally graces me with a glance, albeit it fleeting and filled with disinterest, "I wouldn't need to try." There's no smug note to his tone, it's as though he stating a fact.
I chuckle in disbelief, a sound that'd wound any man's ego. He doesn't take the bait.
He does however, step forward, the move causal yet his figure large enough to naturally intimidate.
Despite his tall height, he's anything but lanky. Broad shoulders, hands creeping with the type of prominent veins one gets from building up physical endurance, and a lean build I could recognise even beneath his crisp suit.
I didn't like the threat he imposes when he steps into my personal space and so, with a jerk of my knee, I aim for his groin. Before I can make contact, he uses his knee to swiftly nudge mine to the side and darts a hand out and around the base of my throat.
His palm is so large that his hand is almost able to span the entire circumference of my throat-albeit uncomfortably.
"I'd simply hold you like this." His stare is the equivalent to a man watching grass grow. Dull and tedious, while he uses the strength of his hand around my neck to drag me up to my feet so the tips of my toes skim the floor.
As my throat begins to close and my instincts kick in, I swing my foot forward, knocking my knee into his abdomen that seems to be made of steel because the action doesn't deter him.
All it does is cause his hand to tighten its grip and lift me higher until I'm nearly dangling in the air, completely at his mercy.
I gasp for a breath, he doesn't blink an eye.
"And do one of two things." His voice is calm, his eyes too. The man feels nothing. I claw at his hand around my throat and swallow back my panicked breaths as he continues to tighten his hold, inch by inch.
To struggle would show him weakness and I'd die before I begged for my life.
He pulls me closer, yet keeps me a safe distance away from him. "Either watch the life drain from your beady little eyes." My words are thrown back in my paling face as his deep voice seeps past the havoc he's creating in my mind. "Or use the gun at my waist and let you join him."
He doesn't clarify, nor does he need to. Not when there's a man lying on the floor with a bullet lodged in his brain.
And that's precisely why it creeps into my bones. Like a plague, a paralysis, one that's reserved for the weak and softhearted. And for the first time in a long time, I feel fear.
It isn't the type that I find solace in, nor is it the type that draws my curiosity and captures my excitement. It's the type that makes me feel like a shell of the little girl I once was.
The little girl I refused to resort to.
And as the lack of oxygen flowing through my body darkens my vision, I begin to find peace in my inevitable fate.
That is until it's ruined by the soft chime sounding from his pocket.
It isn't until he's pulled out his phone with his free hand, the one around my throat not slackening in the slightest, that the peace turns into anticipation.
My captors blue eyed gaze remains unchanged while I wait, unknowing of what he's going to do next.
The man was unpredictable, ruthless and for once, I couldn't call his bluff.
He takes one glance down at the screen, and must deem whatever he sees more important for the next thing I know, he's letting me go with a simple flick of his wrist.
A flick of his wrist that sends me flying and nearly toppling onto the floor before I catch myself on my one steady foot. A move that causes my left ankle to burst with pain. The unbearable kind that tells me the chances of it being fine are less than stellar.
The pain in my ankle is quickly overpowered by the urge to suck in copious amounts of oxygen. I refrain, limiting myself to small steady inhales, forcing the need to gasp and wheeze down in order to keep a small shred of my pride.
As though he's able to read right though me, the Russian tyrant moves his gaze from my face, down to my ankle. Never had I experienced someone look so unbothered while asserting their dominance and succeed. This scar faced monster has managed to do it with just one glance.
I didn't let men exercise their dominance over me often, but when they did, I grew to realise there was only one way to eliminate the power they had over me.
Kill them.
I force myself past the shortness of breath but find myself in a mental battle, fighting the urge to take a seat and relive the pressure on my now sprained ankle.
It's only when my logic kicks in, telling me that a sprain is less of a disadvantaging than a broken ankle, do I take a seat while he answers his phone, the voice on the other end booming on speaker for everyone to hear.
"You son on a bitch, you're a dead man-" Despite my tendency to refuse the comfort of others, my papá's voice causes the veins around my beating heart to loosen until I can breathe evenly.
A barely there nose of acknowledgement escapes the back of the man's throat, a hum but perfectly in tune. "How pleasant of you to finally return my calls." His composure is completely in tact while my father is so clearly seething on the other end.