"Oh Tiresias, the blind Greek prophet of Thebes, who possessed clairvoyant abilities and who turned into a woman for several years, who was condemned to Hyades with his head turned backwards. Could you not have foreseen the calamity I befell? Or were you contempt that I would join you in the state of delirium. How foolish was I, not to believe Cassandra, who...

The day started out nicely enough for Ibrahim Gemeda, former Corporal with the Ethiopian Federal Police, and current bodyguard of His Excellency Adam Teshome, former Minister of the Interior and the new Ambassador of Ethiopia in the City of Jakarta, Indonesia. The run rose over the City of Samarinda, in the East Kalimantan region of Borneo, Indonesia, promis...

When Omar Fasanmi was informed by his father, Senator Abdullah Fasanmi, that they were to be exiled from Nigeria, as a result of the former's staunch opposition to Nigerian President Muhammadu Bukari, and his regime, the younger Fasanmi thought it was a joke. Sure, as a member of the Senate of Nigeria the elder Fasanmi was well-known for his hatred of all th...

"You can look, gentlemen, but you definitely can't touch," Soraya Bintang said to herself, as she checked her reflection in the mirror, in a quiet corner of the boudoir. All around her, the other women of all hues who worked at the club bantered, as they got ready, and she dutifully ignored them. Tonight's show had to go perfectly, otherwise Soraya was going...

"I don't like to be called a she-male, I am a transsexual, thank you very much and I'm from Indonesia, not Thailand," Farzana Sudarsono said, looking at the big and tall, dark-skinned and ruggedly handsome young man who stood before her. What on Earth was his frigging name again? Andrew something or other, and from his looks and accent, the brother probably...

One also rather interesting conquest was with a lady a few years older than myself. Heather was the laboratory supervisor at one of the factories where I regularly made deliveries.

Now when I say delivery, my particular truck at the time was a bulk food grade liquids tanker, the nature of which required product testing prior to discharge being authorised et...

Malika Bandung woke up and stretched luxuriously as she sat on the bed. Lying next to her, Calvin Geobisa slumbered. Malika looked at Calvin, who slept peacefully, and she allowed herself a smile. Calvin looked none the worse for wear, especially given how, mere hours before, he'd sexually exhausted the hell out of Malika. Never in her fifty seven years had...

A true story of an older man, Mike and his young Indonesian maid, Ina...

When the good wife is away...
The horny old man will play...
With Ina, the Indonesian maid...
Right there on the matrimonial bed...:)

The life as an expatriate for a multinational corporation in the Far East has many benefits although fraught with risks of broken marriages. Thus it wa...

Meet Arini "Rini" Ketiga, a young Indonesian Muslim transsexual living in the City of Ottawa, Ontario. She's originally from the City of Surabaya, Indonesia, and has been living in the Canadian Capital for about a decade. Two years ago, Arini became a Canadian citizen, and she's trying to change the narrative about both people of color and transsexuals in No...

Tonight, the Heart & Crown restaurant was hosting the year's first official munch of the Female Domination/Male Submission Club of metropolitan Ottawa, Ontario. There were twelve people in attendance, seven men and five women. Among the attendees, two unique souls found themselves drawn to one another. A tall, slender Southeast Asian woman in a resplendent e...