SZA - low

AdrikI broke a rule.
It was something I never did.
My rules were what kept me sane, they were the only form of conduct I upheld. They were my personal standards, things that made up my behavior and belief system. All organized into a carefully crafted tier system.
Odds over evens.
Talking is only to be done when necessary.
Solitude comes above all.
Lying is only acceptable when it's in my benefit.
But those were nothing but small guidelines put in place to sooth the obsessive nature of my brain.
The real important rules were limited to a select few and there was one that came above all else.
No physical contact.
I did not touch others voluntarily, I did not put myself in situations where I'd be forced to touch others, and when it was absolutely necessary, I gloved my hands, making sure to do anything in my power to avoid the contact that came when skin cells collided.
The last time life had been so unfortunate as to curse me with the wretched act of touch, it was my fathers frail old hand, droopy white skin and overgrown nails that brushed the skin of my hand in his last moments of consciousness.
It'd ruined the perfect last memory I'd created with him. The one where I was enjoying myself, watching the way his eyes pleaded with me for mercy, his ability to speak had long gone especially as I used two nine volt batteries, an aluminum wire and a lighter to fry his brain until he was nothing but a miserable vegetable. And that was after I nearly beat him to death.
He had to go and ruin my memory of it by touching my hand.
A blissful eighteen months had passed since, all for my streak to broken by some serpent eyed maniac.
One that was proving to be more of a liability than an asset.
"Unless you are calling to tell me you've handled the issue," I turn my attention to the large oak framed window and stare into the yard, more so the men working on building out my vision. "I would tread carefully."
The scent of bleach and lemon filter through my senses. Despite having the library professionally disinfected and every nook of it wiped, I can't bring myself to call it clean.
Dima's heavy breathing filters through the line and nothing else.
He's giving me silence.
It's always silence when they've fucked up.
I often wonder if it's because they know better or they're afraid. Either way, it satisfies the part of me that values minimal human contact.
That is until the unevened rhythm of his breathing turns unsettling and I'm forced to speak."Govorit'."
(Russian speak)
"On umer."
(Russian he's dead)I slip a hand into my pocket whilst my thumb rubs over a patch of skin on the inside of my pointer finger. It's uneven beneath my touch, a reminder of the imperfection that comes with a scar in a sea of smooth skin.
Despite my attention to those details, I wasn't vain in the slightest, I just cared for uniformity.
I don't offer Dima a response, I never really did. I refrained from speaking when it wasn't necessary.
"She killed him, Adriko."
Regardless of what the people who worked for me though, I didn't care.
In truth, I was far more preoccupied with the fact that a little half bred Italian girl was able to get past me, than the notion that she'd now killed two men who I'd known since I was a child.
It'd been an hour and seven minutes since the girl had gone missing.
An hour and seven minutes too long.
She couldn't have gone far, this estate was a fortress, no one was getting in or out without passing through a swarm of security. She was still under this roof, lurking around while simultaneously lowering the amount of respect I had for myself and my men to do their jobs properly. "Have you found her?"
His next words leave a flicker of disappointment in my chest. "No."
Incompetent. Every single one of them.
Despite the logical reasoning I have to be angry, I direct my attention to overlooking the land behind the half complete buildings. I was surrounded by acres of land, she wasn't getting far.
It took a lot to drag a physical reaction out of me, and this wasn't worth my anger. "Then why are you wasting my time?"
"The men are angry." The light edge to his voice tells me he's angry himself, forcing his word in english because it's the only way he can tame his temper. "If they find her they will kill her... I will kill her-"
"I still need her alive." I remind. He could do anything he wanted to the girl but kill her, for now at least.
Aside from my original assumptions upon meeting the girl with a smart mouth, an ill mannered personality and a sub par ability to defend herself, a man like Silvio Ademaro not only put up with that thing, but cared for it.
And only a parasite that lacked the ability to kill its victim would be useless enough not to seize the opportunity.
"Is what Silvio has that important?"
Not really.
My men may have thought otherwise and I may have led them to believe so, but all the knowledge of Silvio Ademaro taking something precious from me did was put him on my radar.
I take a moment to indulge in his little act of bravery. "Does it matter?"
Silence follows after as he calms his temper.
My word was law.
I could tell him to drain every ounce of blood from his twin brothers body and he'd have to do it. That was the objectified beauty in power.