Tongue - Maribou State, Holly Walker

CelinaI wasn't a morning person, unless morning fell over the hours that slipped past noon.
It was a habit. Some say a terrible one, I say a necessary one.
So necessary, I'd gone my entire life sleeping in. I took night classes to accommodate, stayed up later to get things done. I thrived in the night. Found comfort in the dark.
And my body was one with my mind.
It's no different now, my body and mind are synched on the necessary. Only it seems like the necessity isn't sleep but a man one would dream of.
I'd slept in his bed.
It was such a mundane thing. A domestic act between a man and a woman who were married. But it felt different. Odd. Unnatural. Special.
He'd fucked me in his car, drove me home, and then walked me to his bedroom, only disappearing to let me get cleaned up.
And only after I'd showered and decided - out of awkwardness - to sleep in Sitto's room, had he shut the door before I could get it fully open, grabbed my chin and spoke the words so roughly I could do nothing but hide the flush filtering through my body.
"You sleep here." His voice was rough, fingers firm against my chin as though he was slightly angered I'd even attempted to leave. "With me."
I'd suppressed my smile. Not out of spite, but out of pure embarrassment, knowing that if I smiled, it'd be one of a flushed boy crazy girl. "Fine." I'd sighed as though his demand meant nothing to me. "You can have me tonight." My body was betraying me, my chest heaving, my hands gripping the hem of my sleeping shorts, while my eyes traced the scar on his cheekbone. "But don't get use to it."
His fingers had flexed, the electric blue in his eyes challenging, as he took a step so close his height asserted physical dominance over mine. "I will get use to it. You should too." His words were final, and carried a meaning I understood.
I don't think I'd ever be sleeping anywhere else again.
When I said nothing, he let me go and nodded to his closet, coasting his eyes down my figure. "Go change."
I followed his gaze to my sleeping attire. An oversized band t-shirt, ripped in a few places and silk sleep shorts. "I am changed." I knew what he meant, it didn't mean I'd listen without making him beg for it, though.
"Unless you mean for me to change into your clothes," I inch higher on my tippy toes, and bring my lips over his. "Is that what you want?"
He'd loosened his hold, while his body subconsciously leaned into mine. "What if it is?"
He may have asserted his physical dominance, but I wouldn't dare pass up a chance to exercise mine. "Then get on your knees and ask nicely."
Irritated, he'd let go of my chin and stepped back, loosening his tie, and walking into his bathroom.
I followed, entertained by his annoyance.
I'd watched him for a few minutes. As he reached out and turned the shower dial, before pulling away to rip off his blazer, unbutton his dress shirt, and finally lift off his white t- shirt, tossing them into the laundry hamper.
It was only when he'd gotten to his belt that I'd decided to speak up, "Suit yourself. This shirt holds sentimental value, anyways."
He ignored me, metal clanked, I continued. "I got it first year of university, when my friends dragged me to a punk concert." I sighed, recalling the otherwise unentertaining night, "The music was rather dull, but the drummer was hot."
His belt slammed on the counter as he set it down, and when I looked up to the mirror, Adrik's eyes had shifted to me. I blinked innocently. "He gave this to me after he accidentally spilled his drink in my shirt."
I was playing a dangerous game. But I thrived off of danger. And the look in his eyes was purely vicious. "I don't remember much about him, but I did trade him my bra for it-"
He was infront of me in an instant, the heat radiating off his bare chest enough to burn my insides, while his face, too calm to not give way to his anger almost made me smile. "Change." Low and menacing, he spoke with so much emotion, he couldn't dare hide the possessiveness, "Or I'll burn us in this room with your precious shirt to the ground." His chest rose and fell, I raised a brow, he clenched his jaw and added. "Please."
I rolled my eyes, and didn't bother hiding my smile. "You're not exactly on your knees," I dragged my eyes up from his half naked form as steam bellowed from the shower, "but I'll let it slide this one time."
I didn't spare him another glance as I tossed my band t shirt to him over my shoulder, knowing I'd never see it again.
He watched me, until I disappeared into his closet where I not only found a shirt of his to slip into but had enough time to snoop.
I found nothing but clothes, some color coordinated others sorted by material, all alphabetically ordered and had concluded the man was a psychopath.
Despite his cold demeanour, and less than amicable desire to converse, Adrik was warm. His skin was smooth atop all the muscle, his hands were big and when he touched me, it wasn't apathetic.
He was deliberate when he pulled me against him. He was sensual when he trailed his fingers beneath my shirt and over my spine, down my back and up my stomach before settling his fingers beneath the curve of my breast. And most of all, he was possessive when he tucked my head into the crook of his neck, rested his lips at my ear and told me to shut up and sleep.
He knew what I needed and made me feel as though all he needed was me.
As though I can sense the empty sheets next to me, I turn my head, and open my eyes, immediately coming to regret it as sleep vanishes as thoughts of where he's gone invade my boy crazy mind.
However, I don't have to wonder for long, for the minute I sit up in his bed, my eyes find the bare chested figure across the room. Steady breaths escape him, while the muscles on his arms flex as he lowers and then lifts himself with each push up.
The clock reads six am, and I sit there and watch him until six fifteen. He barely breaks a sweat, I'd know because all I stay fixated on is his bare pale skin, and tracing ever ridge of muscle as he does his push ups, in nothing but navy lounge pants, while his phone sits on the floor in front of him, self scrolling on what I make out to be a book.