Uncomfortable - Chase Atlantic

CelinaI wake to a feeling.
It's an anxiousness that carries a fight strong enough to tear me apart. It haunts me through the night, seeps its way into my dreams and slowly eats at my sanity.
It all started last night...
The library was empty when I returned, the lights remained on, the space still clean. Everything was in its place, save for the lone figure curled into the corner of the leather couch.
Adrik was no where to be seen and I didn't know if it was a relief or a disappointment.
It felt like both.
Luckily, it vanished the moment I pulled Enzo into my arms. The weight of his head on my shoulder was an entirely new relief, while the warmth of his small body filled a void I ached for long ago.
I took him to Sitto's room, she was still awake when I entered, knitting what looked to be a disproportioned glove in the corner of the room, while fire sparked behind the large glass across the room.
"How'd you learn to turn that on." I asked. Sitto barely knew how to dial my number on her phone, she wouldn't be able to operate the control screen of a high tech fireplace.
She got up to move the covers of her bed, making space for Enzo. "Your husband does it. I told him it gets too cold at night."
She spoke as though it was an every night occurrence, as though Adrik Kozlov spared time in his night routine to come in here and check on her let alone turn on her fireplace.
There was no way.
I cleared my throat and sets the sleeping boy in my arms down onto her bed. It was big enough for her and I to sleep comfortably without each others flying limbs. It'd be more than enough space for him.
"This is Enzo." I whispered to her, pulling off his small shoes while she wrapped the comforter over him. "I already told him about you."
I debated shattering the wholesomeness of the moment. Spilling dark truth that'd break her heart and make her hate Silvio, but decided not and it had everything to do with the glimpse of her soft smile.
She pushed his hair out of his face and my gaze lingered on the strands so light they were nearly blonde before I turned to leave them. "He looks just like his father."
Her words stopped me in place. Shattering what peace came with knowing the people I cared most for were safe in this room. "What?"
Sitto hadn't realized what she'd just done, nor did I know just how far it'd push me. And when she returned to her chair, and resumed her gloved scarf, she continued. "I can already see he's going to be so handsome like your father."
My heart had dropped to my feet while betrayal soured my accusation. "You knew about his family all this time?"
"How did you not?" The look on my face had sucked the warmth in hers and replaced it with pure confusion, "Your grandfather wrote it all in his journals for you to read when he passed."
My ears had begun to ring, my eyes stung, "I don't have his journals." I stared at the older woman i'd through I was protecting all these years. A woman I thought knew nothing, yet there I stood, a complete clueless fool. "Tell me everything." My mind was spiralling into places so low, i'd dropped to my knees at her feet, pleading.
"I don't know much." Sitto sighed, setting her things aside and looking at me. Unshed tears began to form in her green eyes, while her voice shook with each word. "But know your grandfather had good reason for everything he's done. All he wanted was peace. He sent your father away for it. He even died for it." A tear fell from her eyes, and then another and by the time they fell to my hands in her lap, they'd balled into fists.
"I don't understand." I said, desperately trying to make sense of it all.
Pieces were missing, truths untold, yet somehow I knew there was truth to what she was saying.
"Without your grandfathers sacrifices there would be no peace between the Russians and Italians." She spoke of it all so casually, as if she hadn't realized she'd dropped a bomb that would do nothing but wreck havoc in my mind. "He created peace between them."
Peace? My Jido?
He'd died for it. While in a matter of days, I'd managed to derail most of what he'd worked for.
The realisation settles heavy on my chest, while I suddenly feel like a mess.
"Don't be sad, my love." Sitto had wiped the two lone tears gliding down my cheeks and smiled a smile so soft, I wanted to rip my heart out. "He may be gone, but you were able to fall in love with a Russian and marry him without causing a war. That was once unheard of. "
And that was when the feeling had creeped into my bones, settled in the pit of my stomach and simmered until I woke in complete discomfort.
My eyes find tacky wallpaper, my mind finds distraction in the dolls until finally, the figure curled next to me with her beady eyes on me capture my attention completely.
"You really need to get a fucking life." I groan and rub at my tired eyes in hopes she'll use that delusional magic of hers and disappear.
She doesn't.
"I haven't seen you in so long." Natasha's voice is a whisper, almost soft, carrying longing as she cradles a doll dressed in a matching nightgown to hers against her chest. "We were hoping you died."
"I did die." Sleep completely vanishes until I get out of the bed, and make my way to the bathroom. "I just came back to haunt you."
I brush my teeth, splash cold water on my face until the puffiness beneath my eyes dulls. That is until the pouting white twig of a lunatic joins me in the bathroom, "It's not fair. We don't need crazy people like you in this world."
Natasha wasn't here last night when I left Enzo in Sitto's room to sleep. Since he took my sleeping spot, I decided against humiliation sleeping in Adriks room and instead came here.
I was half expecting him to come drag me back, while the other half of me held out hope for it.
He didn't come.