Beach Weather - Sex, Drugs, Etc

CelinaRain pours, thunder echoes, and light strikes the darkness in split seconds.
The downpour outside doesn't stop, it brews a greater storm between him and I. One where the emptiness in place of what once was light proves to heighten all that lurks in the dark.
Danger. Chaos. Bad decisions.
His cologne roots me to my spot, his steady breath threatens my sanity and when he steps closer, it weakens my resolve.
I manage to speak. "What are you doing?" It's meant to be far angrier, but I can't help what the truth does to me.
He's one step closer, speaking low, "Nothing that you don't already want."
He's insane in his approach, but it's rather enticing. He's obsessive in his clinginess, but it's anything but a turn off. He's stalkerish in everything else, but his methods are oddly endearing.
He's twisted. A type of man he's made me realize I crave.
"Unless you're going to drop dead," I feel him near, and I know that if he touches me, I'll turn weak. "I don't want it."
He chuckles. In the dark it's easier to hear the hoarse edge to his tone, the way it floats out like a hum, scratchy in its foregin nature, yet soothing enough to sway my body towards his.
Yet another reminder of the horrid truth Adrik Kozlov is my type and I fucking hate it.
The universe seems to share the hatred for in an instant, lights flicker on. They're dimmed, yellow lights, and fewer throughout the space, telling me the backup generators have kicked in. But nonetheless, it clears the danger we were headed towards.
Adrik's lips tighten, the sharp angles of his face dance with disappointment, while his fingers stop, inches from my face.
The only thing the light fails to take away is the irritability to his appeal.
Slightly damp from the rain, his shirt clings to his form, while his black hair sticks to his forehead.
Why'd he have to be so hot?
I shove him and walk away, only for him to call after me, "Where do you think you're going?"
"I'm leaving this way," I don't look back at him, I walk towards the door, while motioning to the balcony for him. "You can go back the way you came." There's no way I'm willingly subjecting myself to that again.
Footsteps echo behind me, his low voice soon follows. "I'll come with."
That makes me pause just as I reach the closed door where tension coils my bones and forces me to face him.
He declared war mere hours ago. Every Italian wanted his blood and was now cleared to get it. He was an enemy on their soil. The hotel was the worst place to be. "Someone will see you."
"I'll manage." Vivid blue eyes flicker across my face, while his lips naturally tip to one side. "You're worried about me." His observation is so self assured, I force an eye roll. Yet I make no move to leave, or let him go through the doors.
While we aren't fans of the Italians, we're both smart enough to know that loyalty was a priceless virtue to them. They died for it, killed for it, and crossed any and every line in the name of it.
Adrik may not have feared them, but a part of me. A small, tiny part of me feared what they'd do to him if they found him here, alone.
Alessio Galanti wouldn't be so kind as to let him walk away this time. He'd taken his fathers mob and built it into an empire. And as much as it pained me to admit, he was not an easy kill nor was he an easy feat. If he was, Adrik would have taken him out long ago.
"We don't have to leave." Suggestion sits heavy in his tone, while contemplation stirs mine.
Suddenly his proximity is toxic in its effects. So much so it makes me want to act out irrationally. Like fold at his feet.
"Whatever." my fingers brush the knife tucked into my side pocket, almost in consdieration while my hand curls around the door handle. Every fiber of my being votes against opening the door, but my stupid, stupid ego risks it all. "If you die, it's not my fault-"
The words thrown over my shoulder at him die when I sense a presence ahead of me. I stop the door enough for half my body to show while I glance at the two men. One I recognize, the other I don't.
Instinctually, I tighten my hand on the knob, and feel the need to get rid of them. "What do you want?"
Luca's face tightens, while he lifts his phone screen. I recognize the foreign number and don't even bother to read what it says. "We got an anonymous tip a certain Russian was here."
Metal cools my hand until I'm squeezing the handle so hard it threatens to break. "I have no idea what your talking about." My pointed stare goes to Luca. "Leave."
I didn't hate the guy, he was harmless. But I wouldn't hesitate to ruin his life if he did something I didnt like.
I didn't like where this was headed.
A man appears behind them, and then another and with each new Italian face crowding in the hallway, my stomach drops, until he speaks in a tone that tells me hes forcing every bit of his confiendece. "Is your ex husband in there?"
I don't look behind me, I don't even hesitate in my lie. "No-"
Cold fingertips brush mine holding the door, and the heat of his body engulfs mine from behind, so much so that he pries the door open further, and speaks as though he's impartial to the dozen men here for him. "We're still happily married." Adrik Kozlov has the audacity to sound peeved.
Meanwhile I have the sudden urge to scream until I'm granted a reverse button.
"Not for long." The bulk of my annoyance turns to Luca who's suddenly grown the balls to speak so confidently because he's got Adrik outnumbered. Unfairly so.
I turn to Adrik and force indifference but it's hard when this all could have been avoided had he not gotten an anonymous tip, or had I not been such an emotional wreck. "Your sister's a real bitch." She knew we were coming, and snitched just because.
Adrik returns my indifference with a raised brow. "You have no idea."
"Get my girl out of the way." The statement comes from Luca, who looks at me, but speaks to the man behind him.
My eyes narrow at his deliberate choice of words.
Despite his order, I fear the sudden anger oozing off the man behind me more.
I don't have time to laugh at his statement, or tourment him into a pit of embarasssment. Not when I realize there are two of us and thirteen of them. "You do this, and I react." My warning is not lost on him or the men behind him.
If they wanted Adrik's blood, they had to do it without spilling mine. Only problem is, I wouldn't let him go down without a fight.
Luca ignores my warning when he smiles at me in a manner that disregards my words completely. "You'll thank me one day, when he's gone and we're married."
I realize what he's doing. Why he's taking about me as if he means anything.
He's baiting Adrik. Trying so desperatly to get a reaction out of him. Luckily, he's smart enough to know that and take the high road-