Taylor Swift - Wildest Dreams (Slowed Reverb)

CelinaWhite.
The only color I hate more than pink.
And today, its everywhere.
The detailing of my stilettos, the petals of the flowers that line nearly every surface of this summer house, and the silk of my dress as it drapes down my body.
Late afternoon sunlight streams in from the bay windows, while a light breeze floats in through the French doors. Beach waves crash softly in the distance, drowning out the light chatter of guests, while my eyes connect with those of my mothers.
I don't know why I let myself get talked into white. I looked too much like a woman people like me weren't fit to be.
I looked too much like her.
Like what Ayra Ayad not only dreamed of for herself, but for me.
A bride. One that someone, anyone would look at and think beautiful.
My mother was the only soul foolish enough to call me that.
There was nothing truly beautiful about me, any beauty strong enough to catch one's eye, died along with her that day.
Expensive silk cools my fingertips as I run my hands over the material and tilt my head to examine the dress.
I didn't belong in it.
I knew that when I agreed to a white dress and I knew that when I packed a black gown to slip into right before the reception all those weeks ago.
Yet now, it feels like a chore to resist.
A soft click, uneven footsteps and a slow pace disrupts my moment of piece. I don't need to look back to know who's entered the room. I wait for the only woman who can get away with shit talking me to making her snappy commentary, but she doesn't.
Alarmed, I look up and turn to her, only for every nerve in my body go rigid at the sight of her eyes, not only glistening but dampening. "Ya amar."
(Arabic you shine like the moon)"You look like everything your mother wished for." She gets closer and continues her assault of words thrown in soft spoken Arabic. "I can die happy now."
Unlike her, my Arabic is sharp. "You're not ever going to die."
"If I did, it'd be peacefully." She shrugs. "I don't have to worry about you finding a husband to take care of you anymore."
I let her frail hand take ahold of mine. "I don't need a man taking care of me."
"You need someone." She places a few candy mints in my hand,
I ignore her last statement and pop the mints into my mouth, knowing I probably needed them.
I didn't need anyone, though. Especially not a man who has proven to not only be a disappointment, but a psychopath.
Not only have I had a full security force following my every move since i'd gotten off the plane, but the man threatened to collar me if I so much as thought about running away.
Perhaps i'm no worse than he is, because, despite common sense, I still plan on running.
On instinct, I look to the woman who's heart would break if I followed through with my plan and ran from this marriage.
I don't like the guilt it makes me feel or the unease.
But I push it aside and turn to the mirror, grab a tissue and wipe off the soft pink gloss lining my lips. I had no control over my bridal look and to anyone that truly knows me, it's blaringly obvious. My makeup is too soft and natural, my dress so classy it's boring, and my white lace undergarments too conservative.
Sitto watches me apply my red lipstick, her expression almost nervous as though i'm one swipe from destroying my white dress and I know that this day means far more to her than it does me. You see, aside from being weak hearted, my mother was a hopeless romantic, something she inherited from the woman eyeing me like she's never been happier in her life.
My mother never got her fairytale wedding, and my Sitto never got to give it to her either.
"Why are you still here?" The question is far too blunt to come off as polite, but the longer she's here, the more I'm forced to face the fact that in running away, i'm going to break her heart.
Unaware of the heartache thats about to come, she smacks me upside the head, almost knocking my veil off my head. "You have the looks of a princess but the mouth of a donkey."
I right the veil atop my head, while she grumbles her next words. "Your father's waiting outside. Will you let him walk you down the aisle?"
Fuck. No.
Any sentimental sense of remorse I carry hardens into fury at the mention of him. So much so that i'm storming across the room, yanking the door open and seconds from shoving the flower bouquet in my hand down his throat and watching him choke on it.
"Your presence is not wanted." He's too busy staring at me in all my bridal glory to respond as pain etches its way onto his face. "Leave."
"Enough." Silvio relents, "I've played along for this long. Your charade has kept me miserable, but actually marrying him is going too far."
I stare at him, angered into silence. He takes it for shock and moves closer, lowering his voice. "If he's forcing you into this, I can take you away and protect you. You're an Ademaro for Christ's sake."
On instinct, I trail my gaze behind him to see a few Italian men, all on guard and ready at Silvio's beck and call.
Realization that this is my only way out hits.
Yet I can't seem to stoop low enough to seeking my escape in the man I once considered my father.
Logic tells me Silvio Ademaro is the lesser of two evils when up against Adrik Kozlov. But that all too familiar feeling of resentment holds me down. It's the same feeling that pushed me into Adrik's perfectly kept hands in the first place.
A feeling that makes me feel.... Vulnerable.
"I'm not an Ademaro. Your elitist family made sure of that when you let them treat me like shit all my life." My hands shake as I try to push back the anger, but all it does it make way for something much worse... emotion. "I was never enough to have your last name on paper, I was never enough to be more than a fucking secret."