The Neighbourhood - Everybody's Watching Me
New York City
Three Months Ago
AdrikI hated what I read of American culture. I couldn't believe it was worse in person.
The people had too much free will. Too much time on their hands. And their president, couldn't think for himself without asking permission from his election donors.
I hadn't sought him out, nor did I have any intention to, yet like a mut to meat, he'd come crawling, bearing gifts he thought would please me, and in turn, my family's respect.
But my family had estates all over the world, this one he'd gifted in New York was amongst the least impressive.
The history was dull, the walls bleak while the only arguably decency came from the library. And even then my books couldn't have arrived sooner.But I'd found comfort in the space, made peace with it being my new place of residence. Going so far as to decorate with my belongings.
A chess board. My oak desk. And a security system that rivaled the white house.
Sat at my desk, I stare at the text, where Dima alerts me that they've secured my leverage.
Ten minutes ago.
And not a door alarm has been triggered.
I wait the extra minute, out of habit, before studying the surveillance on my computer screen. I go to the ones at the gate only to find the first broken, the second as-well. While the third gives me a glimpse of a small figure, her middle finger all that flashes across the screen before she collapses to the ground.
Interesting, only in the way that makes me doubt myself for the briefest of moments.
I wonder if there's something different from last I saw her. But logic tells me I'm too critical. The last thing I did when engaging with women was pay attention to details.
The library doors creak as they open, and when I look up, I notice everything wrong with the two men standing before me.
One's got a black eye, the other a blooded arm where it's fluid drips onto the floor. Only before I can speak, Feo's clutching his bloodied arm and telling me he'll send the cleaners.
Dima on the other hand looks sour, "You said she'd be an easy capture."I flicker my eyes between him and his brother, noting how said capture looked anything but easy. "She should have been."
Either they were incompetent or I'd miscalculated. The latter was impossible.
"She's unbearable and rude." He nurses his blackened eye with an air of disbelief. Dima was by far the strongest of my people, this must be eating him up inside. "Not at all like you described her."
A brief note of accusation sits in his tone, one that treads dangerously close to the type I wouldn't let go unpunished.
Feo saves him.
"What he means is-" stepping infront of his brother, he clears his throat and clutches his bloodied arm. "You said she'd agree to marry you. Why have us kidnap her and go through all this trouble?"
Trouble.
Sabrina Ademaro shouldn't have been trouble.
She was compliant and nothing but a pathetic romantic desperate for an escape of the life that'd been set for her.
The kidnapping was to lure Silvio to give me my sister. The marriage was to spite my mother.
She should have been easy.
Now, however it feels like a false assumption. A single miscalculation. Something so rare, I had to see it for myself.
The halls are cold, the basement a perfect place for my current hostage, to be wife. While my people crowd the room as though they'd need anything more than a single trained Russian to handle the docile Italian girl.
Only the moment my eyes coast across them all to where she sits, the notion of docile and Italian prove to be false, leaving nothing but a girl.
One with hair so black it sucks any shade of brown and skin so brown she looks nothing like an Italian. But it's her eyes, vibrant and green, with still so much fight in them that takes ahold of my curiosity.
So much so that I can't help but reach forward and jerk her face up to check. There's a sharpness to the dark hairs of her brows, a smudge of red to her lips.
A uniqueness so potent, she's can't be a miscalculation, not when she's not even in the proof.
Despite it, I speak to the people somewhere behind me. "This woman is not the one I want." It's a distracted murmur as I study her.
She's got the type of face I wouldn't forget. The type that's nothing like the Ademaro girl.
And when she speaks, I know that her annoyingly-apparent beauty is not the only contrasting thing to the hostage I was expecting.
"If you're gonna have the balls to kidnap me. The least you could do is speak to me directly. " She is in-fact rude, but more so brave.
People didn't speak to me, unless addressed directly. And when they did, I got nothing but respect, or fear.
She shows none. I don't give her what she demands and instead speak to those around me once again. "Who exactly is this woman?"
Someone alludes to her being Silvio's daughter. I don't care to look away from her and address them directly. "She's not." Her voice isn't the problem, it's what she uses the somewhat tolerable rasp of it to say. Too loud and arrogant to survive in my world. "Kill her."
I seem to underestimate her bravery.
When she breaks free of her ropes and grabs my gun. I take it back and shoot who'd been responsible for them in the first place.
When she tells me who she is, I gather proof with my own hands.
And when Silvio confirms the lies she tells, I realize that I hadn't seen this coming. I didn't know of her existence.
I knew everything.
So much so that I obsessed over it. Found comfort in all its details.