The weeknd - I feel it coming

CelinaAl rajjal bekhoon, wa bekazib, pu bekser be waado.
Men lie, men cheat, men break promises.
Jido had taught me everything there was to know about hating men.
He'd led an entire country, sold enough oil and gold to bring in billions, and waved the Egyptian flag from every building he'd stepped foot into.
Much like any politician, my grandfather was far from a good man, but unlike most politicians, he didn't hide his sins.
In fact, he'd told me of them and the sins of other men, in excruciatingly disturbing detail until I was nothing but a little girl, curled up in her bed, shaking in fear and hurt at the tales of truth her grandfather was telling her.
Much like everything he did, it was for a greater purpose. Only much to my jido's disappointment, I'd grown to fear men instead of hate them like he'd been teaching me to.
But that fear quickly grew into anger when I turned eight and was subjected to the disappointment and hurt men caused in their wake.
And as much I loved the man, I hated him for his tyrannical mannerisms.
Much like any other royal family, I'd grown up with a set of rules to abide by.
No boys, no friends-unless they were cousins, no leaving the palace, no socializing with the help, no staying up after dark, and those are only to name a few.
Despite my less than amicable personality, my fascination with violence and my hatred for socialising with anyone aside from my family, I was a good kid.
I hardly ever broke the rules, I never cried and in all honestly, enjoyed the solitude. I had mama, sitto, and my mean jido.
But much like any child, I threw tantrums. They were rare, and in my case only pertained to one of those rules I had to abide by. A rule that had built a resentment so deep, I considered strangling my jido in his sleep.
My grandfather had banned my father from Egypt, and more importantly, from seeing me.
The ban was only ever lifted four days a year. My birthday, mama's birthday, pap birthday and when I'd accomplished something worth being rewarded for.
This was when I began to truest feel hatred towards men.
Contrary to what most might believe, my distaste for men hadn't stemmed from daddy issues. I didn't have those.
The hatred was taught to me by the worst man I'd known, and ironically, temporarily forgotten for the best man I'd known.
My father was everything my grandfather wasn't.
Where my jido was cruel, harsh and unfair. My pap was caring, fun and far too easy for my young self to manipulate.
Where my jido had earned my respect and obedience, my pap had earned a spot within the walls of that hostility for men my grandfather had helped me build around my heart.
I hated all men, except for him.
Jido hated that, and him.
I never understood why, but I was starting to see it now, especially as I sit strapped to my seat, forced to watch the road pass us by as we drive back to my doom.
Pap was an idiot.
A stupid fucking idiot.
I didn't like to get into the habit of thinking so lowly of the man, but what he'd done last night earned it. Especially when I was so close to freedom only for him to let the Russian tyrant pull me back for reasons he wouldn't tell me about.
"I'll make this up to you, I promise." He'd said to me, but it was hard to believe his words seeing as they were cut off by four Russian men who had dragged me out the back exit of the Ritz Hotel and into an awaiting car.
Although the greater part of me was pissed at my pap, deep down I knew things wouldn't have ended well if they did go as he'd planned.
Pap was no match for a man like Adrik Koslov.
He wasn't the type of the man to agree to a simple trade off. He was the type of man to deceive and manipulate, all the while playing mind games my pap wasn't well versed in.
Adrik Kozlov was also the type of man to have his men strap me down to my seat, while he sat next to me and served a hot towel, one that he used to wipe down his hands because he'd decided to touch me.
Yanking on the rope binding my wrist, I make a noise of frustration under my breath and continue trying to get myself out of it. He'd tied them this time, and as much as it physically pained me to say, I couldn't figure out how to get out of them.
I side eye Lucifer reincarnated and note the remnants of my red Dior lipstick lingering on his bottom lip. "I hope you catch my herpes and germs."
He pauses, the wet towel now fisted in his hand and had it not been for the way his eyes tighten, I'd have thought my remark didn't get to him.
It seems to irk him enough to turn to me, and shove his hand towel directly into my mouth. "I hope you choke on mine."
I recover quickly, spitting the rag out of my mouth and down onto the ground by his feet. "How charming." I mumble, trying to rid the soap taste in my mouth and lift my gaze to examine the sudden exchange between Adrik and the driver as we pull up to the gate.
He pulls out a thin card from his blazer pocket, hands it to the man, who reaches out his window and swipes it along the reader positioned on the gate.
Just like that, the gate begins to open and Adrik takes the card back from the driver, but not before having him wipe it down with another one of those hot towels.
So fucking extra.
I return my gaze to my hands just as I feel him glance over at me, and only look back up when the car comes to a halt.
Without soaring me another glance, he steps out of the car, and when my door is yanked open, I'm gifted with a bald Russian who harshly tugs at the straps binding me to my chair until they come undone.