45 parts Complete This is my very, very first novel I have ever made. It is 307 pages, and 39 chapters-- 45 in all including prologuesepilogue. Book 2 will come out soon, guys!
Under the Shadows of Time, Friends die, Friends Disappear, and an Amazing Adventure Begins
Ember's friends die. Terra dies. He doesn't know how to live without her... But when he finds a note saying she's alive, he knows he will find her, save her, and live his life with her. But when that is changed when Terra tries to kill him, how will he be able to save her and have her love him? Maybe he was just wishing for too much. Besides... He'll have to save the world either way... Is he too Weak? Too strong, even? Or too early or late?
When Kyra finds out who she is meant to be, she starts to remember what she was re-born for. She knows that she must save the animal kingdom and her love Eve. Koda knows everything, even though he's a fox, and he knows what's best for Kyra. When she decides to save Eve and meet up with the human siblings, Twirl and Milo, at the castle, they don't, and she knows something is totally wrong. Losing all her friends, she meets Ember, a Morpheen with a hero's brain. Perfect for staying under-cover and not becoming the center of attention. When they finally arrive...When the world starts to fall apart..then she knows it's time to step up and use her forbidden powers to use... Will it kill the whole world like it did her village, save the world from total destruction?
Milo doesn't know what to expect when everything changes when his town is burned down... He is teleported to the future when Hippogriffs, Phoenix, Phipogrix, and Morpheens rule the world. When his friend Eve is taken away to Fire Den Castle, and Kyra disappears, Milo knows he'll save them, and take care of his sister. But when his sister dies from his own powers, he knows it's time to step up and try his best to use his powers for good. So, when Kyra and Ember both need his powers, he knows he can protect them.