Lana Del Ray, The Weeknd - Lust For Life

AdrikRepulsive.
That's what this was. That's what this is.
A distasteful thought, an unpleasant urge, a spoiled seed.
There were things I wanted in this world, A woman was not one of them.
Of course, I was sexually attracted to them. But attraction wasn't much of a complexity. I understood it well. How to deal with it, how to substitute it and how to ignore it. But it was never so strong as to trump the utter repulsion touch, much less intimacy brought me.
I knew my preferences were peculiar.
"Osobennyy."
Special she'd called me, time and time again, until I couldn't take it anymore.
I hadn't touch a woman in years.
I hadn't tried.
Instead, I watched. Observed.
I had near perfect memory. Only needing to see something once before it was engrained into my mind.
But In the end, it got boring and I kept myself much too distracted for any company. I sought out my desires in other things. Reading, learning, power.
It hadn't been too much of a bother. Until now.
Until her.
I couldn't ignore it, she was far too annoying. I couldn't substitute it, she was far too ingrained into my space, purposely inserting herself wherever possible to inconvenience me. And I most certainly couldn't deal with it when she was constantly disturbing my peace.
The sensor outside the library doors triggers, alerting me that someone's approaching, yet I don't dare to take my eyes off the board infront of me.
Everyone under this roof knew better than to disturb me unless I'd requested for it. Everyone but my nuisance of a fianc.
Not a day goes by where she doesn't ruin it.
Today's no different.
Only that changes when a soft knock sounds on the door.
Feo perks up, his brows pinching in confusion as he looks to the door.
My fianc wasn't considerate enough to knock and he seems to realize this.
Nonetheless, I ignore it.
A moment later, the door opens, soft, slow footfall sounds and I look up from the chess board to find not my fianc but her older counterpart.
I watch the older woman. Small, frail and kind, so unlike her grand-daughter walk towards us.
I don't speak but that doesn't stop her.
Although I can't understand her, it doesn't stop my ability to infer what she's saying. Especially when she places a plate of what looks to be small churros covered in a clear syrup on the table next to the chess board.
I stare at it, then at her, before moving back to the game.
My non verbal response a clear no.
It's Feo's turn to move. I anticipate his next move, it'll give me the opportunity to put him in a check mate, but just before his hand moves to touch his bishop, chubby fingers slap his hand away and instead move a pond up two, trapping two of my pieces.
I flicker my gaze up to the older woman, who smiles as though she hadn't just proven to be far more clever than any opponent I'd had in years.
She laughs and says something, pushing the plate of desserts towards us.
Feo doesn't hesitate, while I grow uncomfortable in the presence of someone so.... happy.
It's sickening and I'm suddenly glad her grand-daughter hasn't followed in her footsteps.
As though I'd summoned the devil through the briefest of thoughts, the door flies open and a patch of pink amongst exposed tan skin saunters into the room.
I pay no mind to the woman walking in behind her, instead, I drag my eyes down my fiancs form, distaste immediately settling in my stomach.
Not only is she clad in a hot pink, but she's in little to nothing. With A pathetic excuse of a skirt that's nothing but a thin piece of cheap cloth. I'd be surprised if she didn't flash every single pair of eyes that no doubtedly followed her as she made her way up here.
"There you are, sweetums-" Voice sickly sweet, she cuts herself off when she spots the old woman hovering near my desk.
She drops whatever act she's got on, her face growing serious. "How'd she get up here?"
I don't respond to her, I can't. Not with the sudden irritation crawling through my veins and the irrational desire to break something.
I slowly rise from my desk, eyes moving from her to the woman behind. The wedding planner stops when my eyes find her panic filled ones.
"What is she wearing." I demand slowly. Deliberately. I'd perfected the art of nonchalance, control. Now though, I find myself desperately trying to rein in my temper.
"The stylist sent over a few pieces and we were trying them on..." I ignore her word vomit, having had enough interaction with another human for the day, and drag my eyes over to my bride.
She's not paying attention to us, instead, she's deep in conversation with her grandmother, who's hands are currently on the low hem of her skirt, desperately pulling it down, as though I'm not the only person offended by it's length.
She speak animatedly, expressions varying.
I was fluent in thirteen languages, understood nineteen. I didn't need another addition to my list.
Yet as I watch them speak, my jaw ticks.
It's not that I want to know what they're saying, I don't care. My problem is that I don't know what they're saying.
I didn't like not knowing.
It was a control thing. A need to constantly be the smartest in the room thing. But when the Egyptian Barbie turns around and begins to walk out of the room, all my reservations are forgotten.
I'm up and striding towards her, catching her arm. "You're not leaving."
She turns around and levels me with an annoyed glare. "Calm down. I'm taking her back to your wing. She's not safe here with any Russians."
On instinct my eyes flash down to all the exposed skin and I suddenly know that I'm not letting her step foot outside this room dressed like she is.
Irrational thoughts control my next series of actions.
"Feo." I snap, he's at my side in an instant and I'm tempted to look away from her and towards him, but if I catch his eyes wander anywhere below her eyes, I don't know what I'll do.