Daddy Issues - The neighbourhood

AdrikVlast' kholchet vlasti.
Power wants power.
My father was one of the dumbest men I'd ever encountered in my life, yet that phrase was arguably the most impressive thing that'd come out of his dried up mouth.
The phrase lacked any phonetic pleasantries and at first listen, sounded like something out of the mouth of a fifth grader - but that was the impressive part.
My father hadn't gotten that far in his academic career.
He could barely read let alone stay sober enough to learn what his words truly meant. But I drew my own conclusions. A theory that was simple to my seven year old brain but too complex for his.
Our world revolved around power.
And the hunger it created amongst its victims was nothing but a clear depiction of how doomed humankind was.
People craved it, no one was safe from it and in southern Moscow, it seemed that the more power one obtained, the higher the stakes were.
It was a game.
The win was temporary, and constantly topped. The players were never satisfied and hungry for more. And the higher you got, the harder the play was. Because now, you weren't competing with just anyone. You were in the big leagues.
Little did I know at my young naive age that the notion didn't just hold true for the city of Moscow. It went beyond Russian borders, all over the world.
I'd long ago grown out of the league in Russia, but the statistical probability of winning this game was nearly impossible.
And so I waited, stayed patient until an opportunity presented itself.
I only ever played games to win, this was no different. So if anyone could succeed, it was me.
"Check."
The older of the two feeble minded lookalikes leans back in the chair opposed to me as a self satisfied smirk takes up his features.
I put that satisfied look on his face, only to take it away.
Chess was a game of patience, strategy and most importantly, silence. It was arguably the one source I derived an ounce of enjoyment from. But even I sometimes grew bored with the progress coming from my opponent and needed to take matters into my own hands.
He'd moved his knight to f3, and in protecting his queen, he'd compromised his king. I move my pawn up to e4. "Checkmate."
I watch the confidence drain from his face. It sends a surge of ease through me, almost making up for the disappointment of lousy opponent.
Dima gets up, allowing his twin to take his seat and begin to arrange the chess board for a new game.
Feo was better than his brother when it came to strategy, meaning the chances of this game lasting more than three and a half minutes was more likely.
However, when I glance up from my seat, my sour faced opponent is still there, loitering around me.
I merely raise a brow, knowing he's sane minded enough to infer my meaning.
Why are you still here?
Dima cuts right to the chase. "That... Italian is roaming around the castle freely."
His statement doesn't draw a reaction or a response out of me, not as I bring my attention to Feo who begins the game.
I had my reasons for letting that thing roam freely, one being that it's affects were far more maddening than simply locking her in a room.
This way, I'd dangle a freedom she wouldn't be able to achieve without my permission over her head, and it'd slowly start to drive her insane- more so than she already is.
"Pictures of you two have surfaced online." That one makes me pause my game, and tune into what he's saying.
"Pictures?"
"Da." His voice is curt with something dangerously close to annoyance. "On two separate occasions." (Russian yes)
I return my attention to my game, Feo moves his pawn up two, getting far too ahead of himself. "You're holding her hand in the first picture." I slide my bishop into the place he'd previously been in waiting for him to notice I've been steps ahead of him this entire time. "The second is you... kissing her."
Now that's something I'd never do, even if my life depended on it.
Her mere presence within an inch of my personal space made me break out in hives. Hives that I forced myself to deal with for the sake of the greater good. Hives that I've been adamant on washing away since last night.
I'd showered three times and the thought of touching her once again had me on the brink of another, only this time with bleach.
The sudden thought of her makes me shift uncomfortably while I realize Dima's seething has done nothing but ruin my content. I turn to turn to him and speak. "Are you done throwing a tantrum?"
Feo lets out a breath of amusement, while Dima's lips shut on their own, until he's composing himself and clearing his throat. "The men are talking... they are upset with the rumors they are hearing."
Upset.
Nearly comical he thought I cared for something as useless as a feeling from people who's loyalty was forced through fear.
"There's no need for them to be upset." I bring my attention back to the game just as Feo takes my queen. "You can them the rumors are true." It's a loss I don't mind seeing as I saw no use for my queen. Not when the only important piece in this game was the king himself. "I've fallen in likes with the girl."
My statement couldn't be farther from the truth, but like one of my many rules stated lying was only excusable when it was in my benefit.
Therefore telling him that the feel of my hand on her back or the brush of my thumb along her sloppy looking lips was as disgusting as plunging my hand into a sewer, wouldn't benefit my plan in the slightest.