The Weeknd - secrets

Celina"I'm not wearing that."
I may have been stripped of my rights, forced against my will, and trapped beyond escape, but I refused to make a fool out of myself. And showing up in a pair of off brand heels that looked like they were pulled from the dumpster behind Macy's was a social suicide I wasn't willing to commit.
And the dress? I wouldn't be caught dead in it, much less seen in the presence of Manhattans higher class.
Yanking on my hair, the bitch runs a grease covered hand through it to slick it back, while she looks to the emotional support dolls she'd placed on the vanity in front of us, "We all know she's going to look terrible regardless of what she wears."
On the brink of snapping her dainty little neck, I roll my eyes at the girl who has yet to speak to me directly. Instead, she'd been communicating through her dolls, obviously still not over the fact that I'd threatened the life of one of them the last time I saw her.
And if the way she refused to address me directly wasn't proof enough, she'd brought along a guard - the sour faced Twinkie, who'd twitch at every move I made. I look at said Twinkie through the mirror. "Who's idea was it to bring this nutcase along to America? I want to know who to kill next."
All I get from Dima is a glare, while Natasha speaks up. "Petunia, tell the ugly peasant it was Dima's idea and that if she keeps talking, he'll chop off all her ugly hair and beat her to death."
That is precisely when she takes it too far. Threatening my hair was a line no one crossed unscathed. "Petunia," I mock. "Tell the rat faced bitch behind me that I'll not only put you out of your misery but slaughter every other doll in this room if anyone goes near my hair."
Her hands let go of my hair mid up do and she gasps aloud, turning her head to the man standing behind us. "Dima!"
Mouth forming a straight line, the man glares at me, and when I realize he's taking her side I can't help but raise a brow at him through the mirror. "Yes, Dima. Go on and defend a doll." I add in a head tilt to further aggravate him. "I'll really take you seriously then."
My sarcasm isn't lost to him and he stares at me a moment before dragging his gaze back to Natasha. He remains silent, yet almost looks as if he's physically holding himself back from defending the deranged Russian.
His reaction sparks my interest. So much so that my eyes flicker to my carryon splayed open on the bed, something he's got yet to blink an eye at.
If she'd told him about what I'd done with the dolls, then that meant she told him how she'd stolen my carryon to save them. Something punishable to the highest degree, yet here she stands, safe from the consequences Adrik's would no doubtedly have.
"Ugh!" Natasha's shriek of frustration drags my attention back to her eyes that are glaring at me through the mirror. Reaching forward, she plucks petunia from the vanity. "Petunia, hates you!"
"Aww, and I was just beginning to like her." I pout as I watch her storm towards the door of the bedroom.
Dima's already moving towards the door, no doubted after her. "Finish up yourself. Feo, will be here to collect you shortly."
Although he doesn't lock the door, a man and a woman, dressed in the signature uniform walk in to stand on guard to watch me, disdain clear on their faces.
I pretend they don't exist while I take matters into my own hands and fix up my appearance.
I reapply my makeup, wiping away the hideous display Natasha had done while she pretended I was one of her dolls, wash the grease out of my hair, leaving it down. And while I don't find another dress or heels, I find my case of expensive jewellery I kept on my carry on.
Yet none of that is able to mask the atrocity that is the dress I'd been given. A cheetah print slip dress, a size too big.
By the time Feo makes his way into the room to drag me out of it, all I've managed is to fit the long slip dress to my frame and accessorize with gold jewelry.
The walk through the castle is a long one. Russians crowd all around me, I'd have been flatter had I not been manhandled, searched and shoved around multiple times by these hollow headed pieces of shit.
They lead me down a set of stairs and into a grand foyer, where a large arched door lies, one that I know leads out into the circular driveway, seeing as I'd stolen the car parked on the other side of it yesterday. And when that endeavour didn't go as planned, I'd walked right back in through the door, into the foyer where I destroyed every expensive looking panting on the wall.
Only now the walls are clear of framed paintings, the marble floors are void of the broken pieces and my date for the night stands tall in the middle of the room, his attention on his phone.
His suit is black, I'd say it were boring had it been on any other man. His cufflinks gold, a compliment to my choice of jewelry and I suddenly have the urge to toss away all my gold.
Adrik doesn't grace me with a glance as I approach, he glances down at his watch, which also happens to be gold, and looks at Feo on my left. "She's late."
Much like every other interaction Feo has with Adrik, he remains careful and up his ass. "I'm sure she's sorry."
I cant exactly describe the snort like noise that escapes the back of my throat, but it's loud. "I'm really not."
My response earns me a glance from the Russian tyrant who dismisses me just as quickly but not before flickering his emotionless eyes down to my dress.
His gaze is gone once again and he's back to acting like I'm nothing but an accessory Feo's handing over for the night, and he's just found a problem with it.
"I wanted class." I almost forget how smooth the deep timber of his voice can be, a complete contrast to the utter shit that comes out of his mouth.
Body tense, Dora to my left begins to practically shakes in his boots beneath his gaze.
I save him from having to respond when I step forward, into his personal space and pout up at him. "You don't like?" Reaching my hand forward, I fix his tie. There's nothing wrong with his tie, in fact, it's perfectly in place, and all my actions do are misalign it. "I wore this dress just for you."
Shrugging off my touch, the man steps back with his hand flexing at his side, before he can't help himself but bring it up to fix his tie. "For me," There are no signs of anger or annoyance in his tone, but he purposely drags his gaze to my cleavage. "And every other man there."