The Weeknd - Live For

AdrikI didn't care.
I don't care.
In fact, the only ounce of care I have is fueled by the anger that comes when I realize this threatens what I've been working towards.
It threatens my agenda and throws me off balance.
Sebastian Alexander Morris The Third.
Son of current British Prime Minister. Studying International Relations at Oxford University, yet somehow managed to fail three out of his five classes this semester. Barely scraping by the other two, all the while spending his free time between classes promoting clubs and partying with rich snobs too busy covering up their coke addictions to do anything useful with their lives.
It'd taken me ten minutes, ten minutes I'll never get back to conclude that he's nothing but a privileged stuck up, aristocratic shit, who's only purpose in life is to inconvenience mine.
Did I mention that the man was well into his twenties and had yet to obtain a drivers licence?
Pathetic.
Yet there he stood, alive and well, at my party, in my yard, with my fianc.
My fake fianc.
"It's about time this rouse of yours was exposed." I heave a sigh as I side eye the shorter man that comes to stand next to me.
He hadn't left and even worse, was now wasting my time by taking to me.
"You expect me to call off my engagement for a bitter ex?" Raising a brow, I cast a fleeting glance to Silvio.
His feces coloured eyes glint in self assurance while his lips quirk in a cold smirk.
Ignoring him, I face forward.
The man looked nothing like her, and for that, I thank the universe seeing as I'd have to stare at her subpar face for the next three hundreds and fifty one days.
He must notice where my eyes go because he follows my gaze across the room to the bride in black. "She wont marry you, you know."
She doesn't want to, but she would. I'd drag her down the aisle if I had to.
"She's going along with this rouse to punish me. I know my daughter, marriage just isn't in her cards." His voice grows grim and somewhat mysterious.
One of a man who'd tried and failed to marry his daughter off. And one of a man who knew something I didn't.
There was hardly anything I didn't know. I didn't like the unknown. Yet that tone of his voice, tells me I had yet to figure out my little fianc.
Either way his presence was agitating me.
"I wasn't aware men on viagra had any dignity left to be self centred." I finally wretch my gaze from the little college reunion and to the hideous old man. I want to watch his face as I poked at his fragile masculinity. "Yet here I stand..." I trail my gaze down his form. "Corrected."
His reaction is quite humorous, almost makes the muscles around my mouth want to move into a smile. Instead, I bring my glass to my mouth and gulp down my drink before pouring myself another.
Like a rotten tomato seconds from exploding, his face heats as a curse lies on the tip of his germ covered tongue. But the thick headed cannoli of a man knows better than to insult me in my space.
At the sound of a far laugh, I drag my attention towards the other side of the room where my fianc stands, laughing with another man.
One who's eyes are glinting in happiness as he succeeds in making her laugh.
It's quite disgusting.
So repulsive I forget about the man standing next to me, until he speaks, disturbing the peace of mind that comes as I imagine a bullet in the skull of the little British shit.
"I'll give you Sabrina." I turn to look at Silvio, who's still here, "For Celina." He clarifies as if i'm as dense as he is and can't understand his original meaning.
"She's who you originally wanted, is it not? That's why you sought her out all those months ago and made her feel like you cared about her." His voice betrays him as it reeks of anger and desperation.
Cared for her?
I did nothing but sponsor her little debutant club to endorse her into getting a spot for this years cotillon ball and she was practically on her knees for me.
I wouldn't need to do much to take her from him.
Sabrina Ademaro would have been easy, simple, and less annoying than the violent obsessed lunatic currently wearing my ring on her finger and talking to the twig who referred to himself as her boyfriend.
As if on cue, my gaze trails to them, and my jaw naturally tightens.
There was no way in hell I was letting Celina Ademaro go.
She'd be dead before I did that.
I glance back at Silvio and don't even consider his offer.
This was a monumental moment to gloat, however. An opportunity to dig the knife I'd implanted into his chest deeper, yet I can't seem to enjoy it.
I eye him like the pest he is.
"Why are you still here?" Despite wanting to relish in his turmoil, my mind can't seem to come away from the group across the room.
The only shred keeping that washed up snob alive was my pride and the fact that the serpent eyed lunatic somehow correlated my displeasure for his arrival to jealousy.
Jealousy.
I have the uncomfortable desire to chuckle.
I wasn't jealous.
Never have been, wouldn't start now.
Leaving the cannoli of a man, I down the rum, suddenly parched, I reach behind the bar for the bottle of vodka, fill my glass, multiple times and down that too, before deciding I've had enough of this evening.