Lady Of Namek

CelinaIf there was one thing I was incapable of, it was shutting the fuck up.
I physically couldn't ever find the will to shut my mouth and it was almost always for the worse.
It'd gotten me in nothing but trouble growing up, and these days, it was no different.
It would seem as though the Russian tyrant in charge of all these prissy men was no where to be seen this evening.
Ignoring me, I suppose.
And men, being the pathetic creatures they were born to be, had taken the opportunity to run their mouths. With a group of them sat across the table, speaking in thick Russian, laughing and lacking any subtly that they're talking about yours truly.
I do a good job of ignoring them and focus on my meal, but when they're laughs start to give me a migraine I realize I'm not the pushover type.
"Why throw insults in a language I can't understand?" I speak through my mouthful and rise a brow at the group of men who all worked for my faux fianc. "That's no fun."
I'd spent the majority of the day in my room, avoiding any and all human interaction, but my desire for a food had dragged me down to dinner.
I'd entered the room full of Adrik's men and it'd gone silent, all of them turning to look at me, with unwelcoming glares and whispers like a bunch of mean school girls glaring at the bitch that slept with all their boyfriends.
I'd laugh if I wasn't so annoyed.
The ones that are speaking quiet down as well as all the other men at the table who all turn to look at me, the look on their faces clear that they aren't going to give me what I want.
They're master wasn't here meaning they thought they could act however they wanted to.
"You, Buzzcut." I point to a nearby man who'd remained silent the entire time,"What are these little bitches saying about me?"
For a long moment he watches me eat my sandwich before finally he speaks, his voice reserved with a slight accent. "They say you're probably not even good at whoring with the way you're still kept in the room of the tower instead of in Adrikos wing."
I snort out a laugh, "That's what they're bitching behind my back about?"
Leave it to bitter men to come up with the most boring insults.
"They also joke of your family." He shifts almost uncomfortably,"They say your mother was an Italian man's whore and you, a bastard."
And this is precisely why I avoid human interaction. Because the majority of the time, I find myself fighting the desire to kill.
It's exhausting.
I chew the rest of my food slowly and look towards the men sat along the table, all quiet now and staring at me. I can't slaughter them without having every simple minded man in this room jumping in, so for the first time in my life, I decide to be the bigger person.
I turn to the first man in the group of pathetic gossipers. "Your mother should have swallowed you."
His face reddens, my lips stretch into a sweet smile.
They wanted to joke? I could joke.
I take a bite of my sandwich, chew and then turn to the man next to the first. "I bet your mother tried to abort you and failed miserably."
That smile of mine only grows at the look on his face.
"You." I point to the next man and run my eyes across his form above the table, "I bet your mother shat you out of her asshole."
The next man looks about ready to fight me with his face so red, I snort. "I know your mother fucked a pig and had you."
"And you," And finally to the last man who'd been involved in that little conversation, I soften my voice and throw him a look of sympathy. "Well, I guess I don't have to say much aside from the fact that everyone in this room is painfully aware that your mother dropped on your head one too many times as a baby."
There are a lot more men in the room deserving of my jokes, but when I get a look at the rest of them, all speechless and blinking at me, laziness overcomes me.
I lean towards a man who's just had a steak placed on his plate, it sizzles with flavour and the smell is just too divine to pass up. Which is why I take the stunned silence as an opportunity to reach forward, stab my fork into the meat and drag it onto my plate.
I guess no one finds my jokes funny, which is hard to believe, considering I find them hilarious and can barely contain myself from cracking up as I cut up the steak and proceed to enjoying my meal.
It's only when I finish my food do I look up to the room of men. Most glare at me, others begin to breathe heavily like they're minutes from strangling me.
It's all music to my ears.
Being the most hated in the room spiced up my life and gave me something to continue to work towards.
Grabbing a bread roll, I take a bite and look to the group of men I'd just shared jokes with. They all look about ready to murder me. "That was fun, wasn't it?"
Silence. It's deadly and menacing.
That is until another man grows the balls to speak directly to me. "You are a bitch."
I turn my attention towards him. "You speak to your mother with that mouth?"
His face turns grim and he flickers his eyes away.
"Shut up." The man next to him glares at me. "His mother has just passed."
His statement really shouldn't make me smile this much. "I guess miracles really do exist."
And that creates an uproar of shouts all from the men around me. Like a chorus of symphonies, I listen as I slowly rise to my feet and speak over all of them.
"I've got another joke," most of the men quiet down, "You wanna hear it?" I ask, my voice dripping in anticipation.
No one looks like they want to hear my joke.