This is just the most accurate visual of Celina I've come across bc some of you guys were asking. But feel free to use literally anyone or urself)
GoldLink - Crew

AdrikLike any perfectionist, I had a particular dislike for losing.
The last time I'd lost at something, I was eight and up against the greatest chess player in all of Moscow.
Like the dunce he was, my father knew nothing about the game, nor was he smart enough to know who I was up against.
He just knew that I lost.
He beat me so hard I broke eight of my fingers.
However, the pain wasn't what had thrown me off the edge, it was how in doing so, he'd prevented me from playing for two entire months.
I'd spent those two months plotting my fathers death.
And although, this specific instance wasn't a loss, it wasn't a win.
Plans were derailed, my carefully curated timeline was altered, taking my adequate mood with it.
The Ademaro girl had soured it.
Patience was a virtue and I was extremely generous with it. It took a great deal to annoy me, even more to anger me. And in the few hours of knowing the girl, she'd managed to vex me, not once but twice.
It had seems as though I had made an entire lapse in judgement.
I had a plan for how I wanted things to play out with prisoner, ways I would make use of her to further my own agenda. There was only one thing I hadn't accounted for, and that was the possibility of her being anything but the docile, naive girl I thought Silvio Ademaro's daughter would be.
This one was worse.
It would seem that her entirety was an nuisance. Everything from the way she ate her food and spoke to me, to the way she kept pushing the bounds surrounding her, even when she knew she'd lose in the end.
She was everything I disliked in a person.
Loud, far too hard headed and ill tempered.
As if that isn't enough, she was an even number association.
I couldn't stand those.
It was a quintessential sign, one that pointed to a conclusion I was not well prepared to come to, especially this late in the development of my scheme.
I wanted to kill her.
That was far from the original plan.
"Celina - also known as Lina Ayad." Feo begins from my right."Grand-daughter of former Egyptian President who also happens to be the last known King." My steps don't falter upon hearing the news, although it does strike me as interesting how a girl that lacked such social etiquette was kin to royalty.
"Silvio must have knocked up one important whore and then decided to keep his bastard a secret." The twin to my left chimes, his words thick and coated in the taste of bitter resentment.
I remain impartial to the men on either side of me as I continue down the hall and towards the library. The only place in this ancient dump that I deemed worthy of my continued use.
That is until I've built my living quarters and am able to wind down in a space void of prehistoric toxic fumes.
I cast a glance to the overgrown boy throwing a tantrum. "Whatever stick is shoved up your dick, take it out." There was no room for his dramatics. I didn't value any form of emotional displays, including his outbursts.
"In America, they say he has a stick shoved up his ass." I don't offer the twin to my right a response, I merely offer Feo a glimpse of my attention, dried and unimpressed.
Of course I knew that. I'd studied every last grease covered specimen of American culture.
"Anyways." Feo clears his throat and shifts beneath my gaze. Almost comical, I wasn't even trying to unnerve the man yet I managed to do so without a thought about it.
For the first time today, a drop of content fills me.
"What if..." the content slips the moment I realise he's not done talking. "You know, she gets killed in there? The men are riled up because she killed two of our own."
Like the Yin to his Yang, Feo's extreme display of emotion comes in a sentiment contrasting his brothers. Concern.
His tantrum disgusts me.
"This stick up the dick thing must be contagious." I draw, pushing open the large doors and moving past the two shelves of classic American literature I'd burn down given the chance. "If you're coming down with something, I can put you both out of your misery."
I move behind my desk, my attention moving to the surface of it where two pens and a stack of papers sit.
It's only after I've tossed one of the pens into the garbage, and arranged the papers into a perfectly positioned stack do I look up to the two men, their unsettling gazes weary. "ty v poryadke?" (Russian Are you alright?)
I straighten and stare between the brothers, the length of my gaze an obvious nonverbal sign requesting further clarification.
With a nervous chuckle, Feo does. "You're being...chatty."
The faintest amount of pressure pushes my lips together as I glance off to the leather couches arranged in a U behind them.
He was right. I was more talkative than I'd ever been, going so far as to verbalise thoughts that had no probable cause.
I wasn't one to speak in unnecessary instances but when I did, a few words sufficed. It was how I kept my composure.
However, it wasn't uncommon for bursts of emotion to trigger a terrible case of word vomit in most humans. It just so happens that I now fall into this category.
I blame her for it.
Not only had she managed to irritate me into speaking longer phonetic sentences, but was now affecting the environment I'd meticulously crafted.
Perhaps it was an undiagnosed personality disorder or merely a byproduct of my perfectionism, but I didn't like the mess she threatened in my controlled space.