Oxytocin - Billie Eilish
CelinaRemember when I told the Russian Tyrant to wait up for me?
He didn't.
I'd gotten ready in record time. The makeup around my eyes did nothing but make them pop and the glossy red on my lips did nothing but make them plump.
Much like everything else about me, my gown didn't disappoint. Elegant and simple enough to earn the judgemental approval of the old women who'd built a pretentious society built on unrealistic beauty standards, yet sexy enough to catch the eyes of their perverted husbands, who funded said society.
I'd done all this, only to find out Adrik Kozlov had left me behind, going so far as to order his minions to do everything in their power to prevent me from going.
Lucky for me, I was smarter than them all. That didn't mean his pettiness went unnoticed. Not only was I forced to call my escort for a ride, but he had to use his mothers black card to send a chauffeur because he couldn't drive.
The same escort who still had yet to show.
"There's a process to these types of things, Lina." Hana's arm slips into mine as she veers us towards the line leading into the ballroom. Two men stand at the threshold checking people in and I begin to dread the night before it begins. "You don't just become a La Haute debutant."
Graceful and classy, the only girl I wouldn't kill given the chance, keeps her head held high and her gaze ahead, smiling at those around us, that is until she feels my stare and turns to me, her cheeks reddening. "What? I did my homework. If you're gonna win this thing, you need to know how."
We move up in line, I can't help but snort out a laugh. "I know how to win." I'd threaten every single person in there and kill the ones who refused my way.
Although now that I think it aloud, it sounds like too much work.
My innocent friend sighs, "You have to make them like you enough to choose you as one of this seasons thirteen debutants." We move up in line and I find my eyes straying into the room and it's not because I'm curious about the overpriced decor. "Then you can go for star debutant which will be difficult considering the vote must be unanimous amongst all seven chairwomen."
I don't find who I'm looking for, and I don't know if that's a good sign or a bad one. "Luckily you have Missy Mae who'd be crazy not to vouch for you, considering how much you paid her to plan your wedding and we have Chelsea from school, who we can win over if you play nice-"
Her words finally register as we near the front of the line. "Not happening." Pissy was hardly a fan of me and Chelsea was nothing but a pest I refuse to ever play nice with.
I'd win the only way I knew how to.
Through sabotage, manipulation and deceit. And if that entailed playing fake nice for the beginning, then so be it.
"Name?" The harsh, annoyed tone of the man drags my attention from my friend to him, and I manage a fake smile. "Lina Ayad."
He scans the list on his iPad, and without so much as a glance at me, he barks out his response. "Not here. Next!"
"Check again." His dismissive tone instantly sours my mood. "Or maybe get a fourth grader who can fucking read to do your job for you, since you clearly have the mental capacity of a chipped rock-"
"O-Kay..." Hana's nervous, sweet laugh sounds from next to me as she squeezes my hand. "Try Celina Kozlov."
With a sigh, he scans the list again, "I see a Celina Kozlov Ayad."
My eyes narrow into slits at that. I'd personally registered myself under Lina Ayad, so unless someone was psychotic enough to personally see to it that it was changed, he was lying.
Unfortunately, I know someone psychotic enough.
I smile, it's fake nice. "I bet that fourth grader would have had enough common sense to put two and two together."
He finally looks up, clearly unamused by my harmless joke, "Where's your sponsor?"
"He'll be here." I snap moving past him and into the room.
Hana follows close behind a moment later, blowing out a breath. "Christ, Lina, I thought you were going to try to be nice."
I scan the room, I don't find him. "I was trying."
But what I do find is a long tables, stretched far across the ballroom, decorated to perfection with pink petals, pearly whites and soft blues. It's not hard to seek out who the wanna be debutants are. They're all pretty, poise and so eager for the approval of a bunch of people who don't know shit about anything, while they're sponsors, wether it be their brothers, mothers, fathers, or lovers sit beside them, ready to splurge on making that dream a reality.
My eyes connect with soft brown eyes I'd grown up wishing I had, but unlike the man I once considered my father, Sabrina Ademaro looks utterly mortified to see me.
It brings a smile to my face, and I lead my dear friend and I towards the center of the table where she's sitting.
It's not long before I spot her hag of a mother sat next to her, and for a moment, relief sets in at the fact that she'd brought her along as her sponsor, despite the actual donation coming from my man.
Unlike Sabrina's innocently confused face, her mother's face grows nasty as I approach. "What are you doing here?"
I smile, "Same as you..." my smile dips as I bite my lip in contemplation, "Well, not really. I'm young and beautiful, the perfect pick for a debutant and you..." I purse my lips together as I pull a chair out across from the mother, daughter duo, "You're just old and washed up."
Hana takes the seat on my side, while the one next to me remains empty for my stupid fucking date. My spot sits me directly across from Sabrina, who's got her mother on one side, and an empty seat on the other.
She swallows thickly, brown eyes slowly blinking in understanding. "You... you want to be a debutant?" The horror on her face is a refreshing reminder as to why I'd done all this in the first place.
"Yes."
"But you can't." Her voice is so soft and polite, it does nothing to intimidate. "It's my thing."
"Now, I'm making it mine." I unfold the silk napkin and place it in my lap ever so elegantly- as though a high society woman would. "And I intend to win."