Breathe - Russ

AdrikI examine it.
The devil reincarnated.
So small, with her head tucked into the bed, her lashes peacefully resting against her cheekbones and lips rounded and forming a natural pout.
She looks harmless. Almost.
It's deceptive. So deceptive, you'd never guess that the devil lingers amongst humankind, reincarnated as a little being, curled up in my bed, with hair so long it's splayed across my pillows and clothing so vacant nearly every crevice of her germ infested skin rubs against my sheets.
There's a term that comes to mind when I stare at her.
D'yavolenok.
The little devil. Put on this earth to torment me and make me pay for all that I've sinned.
All my life, I've been a sinner. The worst of its kind. Cruel, unforgiving and diabolical.
I've killed far more times than I've been a help, I've cheated far more times than I've repented, and I've stolen far more times than I've been giving.
But even I didn't deserve the disaster that was Celina Ademaro.
The mid morning sun flickers through the curtains, birds faintly chirp outside the windows, and a lawnmower hums in the distance. All alluding that the morning has begun to take its course.
My days developed around schedules, my morning no different.
I was up at five, worked out and showered by six fifteen, and by six forty five, I was starting my work day.
Today, I woke up on the couch, showered in the guest room whilst waiting for my personal bathroom to be cleaned, and instead of getting to work, I was here, watching her sleep, the essence of peaceful while my day had been overturned.
She stirs, yet doesn't wake and instead tips her head, baring the column of her neck all the way down to the dip of her cleavage in an atrociously small shirt with no sleeves.
I eye the exposed skin.
Two nights.
Two nights of blissful silence, alone in my newly constructed space was all I'd been gifted, before she'd ruined any semblance of peace by barging in, unwanted, with that self assured look on her face.
I could kill her, right here, right now.
No body would know.
It'd restore the balance of things, give me my space back.
A snore escapes her lips. Along with another and then another drawing my attention up to her lips.
She snores lightly, a sound so low you have to quiet down to hear and so soft you question if it is a snore.
I catch myself staring at her lips. They're large, pink and I can only imagine what little good has come out of them.
The lingering of my gaze strays my thoughts to a place where something dangerously sordid creeps into my thoughts.
And before she can corrupt my mind and destroy my thoughts more so than she already has, I do what any logical man would do whilst staring at a semi attractive woman, in little to nothing, sleeping in his bed.
Using the tip of my shoe, I nudge her slightly until she rolls off my bed and lands on the floor.
I watch it happen, and by the time her small body disappears from my sight and gives a thump, I'm already making my way towards it.
By the time I make it towards her, those swamp coloured eyes are snapped open and glaring at me. "What the fuck was that for?!"
For the first time today, I exhale in content at having been the cause of her disturbed peace.
With a tilt of my head, I examine her body sprawled across my floor, hating the slight temptation it presents in my mind. "You were snoring." I trail my eyes up to her face just as quickly as they move to linger. "I wanted it to stop."
Beyond disgusted with myself, I glance away from her completely. This was yet another reason why I wanted her out of my space. She was messing with my common sense.
"Jackass." She mumbles, pushing herself up, and stumbling past me while rubbing her tired eyes. "I hope you know I sweat all over your sheets."
I kept the temperature at a cool fifteen degrees Celsius. So unless she was running a marathon in her sleep - something I know she's far too lazy for, the temperature was far too cool for her to sweat.
Despite the fact that she's saying it with the sole purpose of trying to get a rise out of me, the thought still irks me to the point where I know that replacing the sheets won't be enough.
I'll need a new mattress.
But I leave that thought for later because the D'yavolenok begins to move towards my bathroom, a place I'd just had cleaned of all things her.
"Get out of my bathroom." I speak with an air of nonchalance as I stop at the archway leading into my ensuite and watch her.
If she knew how much her presence in my space irked me, she'd never leave.
Ignores me, she heads towards the spotless counter, "Where's all my shit?"
Through narrowed eyes, I watch her as she lifts her arms and stretches. Her already short top rides up and her shorts, already baring more skin than necessary makes me question if this choice of clothing is for my torture or something she worn on the regular, out in the manor where my men paraded around.
Something about the latter piques a little too much of my interest, where I find myself squashing it down.
"Moved it all into the guest room." She turns, I snap my eyes up to her face, and keep my features blank. "You can stay in there from now on." I compromise.
I'd had the room added into the designs after concluding I need a wife and had it placed in the furthest hall away from my bedroom when I realized she'd be my bride.
She stares at me, the look on her face conniving and scheming before she turns around and begins to open every cupboard. "I'm good here."