- - (Yandere!Levi x Reader)
16 parts Complete Started Nov 12 2021
Finished
Dystopia an imagined state or society in which there is great suffering or injustice, typically one that is totalitarian or post-apocalyptic.
"Do you love me, Cadet?"
Why? That seemed to be a question you've been asking yourself a lot lately. Growing up in the underground was tough. You needed to fight for survival, food, money, and even-your freedom. Danny, you're despicable "father", had you stealing from him any chance he got. He was slick and manipulative. Having to steal valuables for him all while taking care of two kids, Kai and Mary, was really hard. The responsibility you held was weighing down on you, making you think more about them and less about you. You didn't mind though. Anything to stay away from the sinful place you call home.
After a while of putting up with Danny though, you had you're last straw ripped away when he hurt you're beloved Mary. You ran away to start a new life, taking Mary with you. You become known as "Shade", a mysterious cloaked criminal known for your stealth and strength. You took pride in your reputation, and the best part was, nobody knew anything about you. From your face down to you're gender, it was all concealed.
It was all cloaked.
But all this changed once they found you.
They took you in, capturing you to mold you into a soldier fighting for the survey corps. You despised the survey corps at first. After all, they stole you from your home. Took you away from the people you loved. They ruined your life, right? But... did they?
You're stubbornness and skill capture the attention of a certain short black haired male. Corporal Levi was humanities strongest though, he couldn't like you, could he? He couldn't... At first it seemed strange but pleasant to finally get noticed, but soon you realized, nothing good came from the Corporal. In fact, your life seemed to turn into a living Dystopia.
Warnings
Swears
Gore
Smutlemon
Manipulative Characters
Degrading
Sexual harassment