Sour Diesel - ZAYN

Celina" ant 'aslae."
(Arabic You're balding.)I grit my teeth while the comb is tugged out of my hair only for her to drag it right back through the strands.
"I wonder why." I deadpan, trying to catch her eyes through the mirror, but she seems too lost in her own world to pay any mind to me and my burning scalp.
"Its all the American water." Sitto frowns. "I saw it on the screen. It said Americans put chemicals in everything."
Never would I have thought an ancient, barely functional iPhone would turn my grandmother into a conspiracy theorist.
Yet here she was, braiding my hair and gushing about the recent truths of the world she'd learned.
A plate of Ghorayebah sits infront of me and while I'm not a fan of the butter cookies, I like everything and anything Sitto makes.
I scarf one of them down and narrow my eyes at her in the mirror. "Since when did you get a phone?"
"Your father gave me one." A small fond smile graces her lips,
In an attempt to scarf down my irritation, I grab another cookie, stuff it into my mouth and roll my eyes.
She's still fond of him, so fond that I wonder if she knows the truth.
She must.
But as I look at her, I doubt myself.
My grandfather was a cold human being, and he loved my Sitto because she wasn't.
Perhaps he'd hid it from her, or perhaps he didn't.
I didn't know.
I didn't fucking know anything these days.
And the knowledge of just how powerless I was to my own world suddenly settles in.
The crumbs of the butter cookie filter into my throat, dry and so heavy I feel my throat close up.
I knew nothing.
I still don't know anything.
But instead of taking control of my own fate, I'm sitting here, playing house with a Russian tyrant. A man who's playing a slow calculated game of chess while I'm still staring at the board, trying to plot my first move.
I don't know anything.
"You donkey," A tug on my ear snaps me from my spiral, so harsh that I glare at the chubby woman through the mirror. "Are you even listening to me?"
With a hiss I grab the ear she'd just yanked, but she's unfazed, back to braiding my hair, like nothings happened. "I said, it's your fathers birthday, aren't you going to wish him well?"
"No." He could grow into a feeble minded old dried up pickle for all I cared.
I reach forward for another cookie, only for the woman to swat my hand away and fix me with a hard stare. "What is so important that you are fighting with your family?"
My eyes flicker across her face moving up to meet her wise green eyes. Eyes that have seen terrible days, eyes that have lived through wars, crumbling empires and death, so much death. Yet through all that, I see a blissful ignorance. One that tells me she doesn't know.
She doesn't know.
Know that the man she's deemed my father was anything but.
How could she not know?
I want to rip my hair out in frustration, make her understand my pain, my anger, but know that it'll do more harm to her and her weak heart than good.
So, I look to my lap and lie, "He doesn't approve of my marriage."
She sighs, "Your grandfather was the same. He never approved of Silvio."
That much was clear growing up. So clear I resented the one man who I now know always had my best interest at heart. "Why?" I fein ignorant, wanting every bit of information I can get discretely.
She looks up at me as though the answer is obvious. My heart stills for a moment as I anticipate her answer. It'll be the deciding factor in whether she knows or not.
"He's a white boy." That's the only answer she provides, as though that in itself is enough. "And if he knew you were marrying another white boy, he'd be rolling in his grave."
Despite the turmoil inside, my lips twitch at that.
"You were always destined for an Egyptian." She continues.
"That's a bit dramatic."
She pauses to look at me. "Your grandfather was a dramatic." She deadpans, "You of all people should know."
She ties off my hair and slowly makes her way towards the bed, as though the activity of braiding my hair has exhausted her. "Why do you say that?" I murmur, forcing my eyes away from her and to the mirror where I examine her work.
It's terrible.
I loved the woman but she had the eyesight of a bat.
"You got all his journals." Her words distract me from the mess that is my hair.
His journals.
A stack of thirteen small leather booklets all stored in a dusty box beneath my bed at what I once considered home.
Ones I'd lugged with me all the way to America only because it was my Jido's dying wish that I kept them safe and read them.
I never read them.
I tried, but could never get through them.
Not only did I have a particular distaste for reading in general but he wrote in an ancient Arabic dialect that was so old even sitto couldn't translate it.
I only knew how to because the old man had been drilling it into my mind since I could talk but even now, it was just so much work to translate.