The Weeknd - In The Night

CelinaThere were rules I followed when it came to men.
I didn't help them.
I never sought them out- unless it was to further a scheme.
I led them on.
I rarely fucked them, and when I did, I never stuck around long enough to sleep with them.
Until him.
All it took for me to toss all my beliefs aside was a six foot five, dark haired, white man, with blue eyes, a faint scar and a personality that put the American Psycho to shame.
It's beyond annoying. Quite sickening really.
And the cherry on top? There was a throb between my legs, an ache ever so lasting, I could only attest to having been fucked by him.
I didn't fuck him. He fucked me.
Thoroughly. Deeply.
And it was memorable to the point where if he maybe, possibly, eventually felt the need to do it again, I'd be maybe, possibly, eventually be willing to oblige.
The horrific thought drags me out of my fantasies and into realty.
A reality in which i'm pushed right up against a firm t-shirt clad chest, seeking out its warmth.
I wake, disoriented, exhausted and confused only to realize his arm is not only thrown over me but his hand is fisting a chunk of my shirt at my back, while mine sits at his abdomen, clutching the material of his shirt in my own fist.
Another confused moment has me realizing that my head's ventured far away from where it originally sat on my side of the pillow and now rests in the crook of his neck as we face one another on a bed made to fit an ant.
My nose brushes soft skin and his scent is all I can seem to breathe in.
Ugh.
After a long moment, I work up the energy to pull my head out from the crook of his neck, but I don't go far. Not when the bed is too small and his body is so large, it takes up the majority of the limited space we're lying on.
I should get up, move away from him. But it's far too early for me to get out of bed, and so, I have no choice but to lay there, with my hand at his abdomen and his evened breathing at my temple.
I try to fall asleep, but it's nearly impossible when he's so close, and so... quiet. Instead, I find myself using this moment as an opportunity to unabashedly observe him as he sleeps. It's too odd of a sight. A man far too paranoid to trust even the men who'd sworn their loyalty to him, with his guard lowered before the person he swore he hated most.
I wonder if he realizes it, or perhaps he denies it. But the man trusts me enough to fall asleep with me.
It doesn't make me me feel soft or special.
It makes me feel powerful.
Knowing that I had influence over a man so powerful people didn't even dare to look him in the eye was an all consuming power I could find myself getting lost in.
I don't realize my gaze is hyper focused on his face until my fingers tingle and twitch to trace every inch of it.
My eyes beat my fingers to it.
Adrik's eyes are closed, his face pale while a light flush coats his forehead and the apples of his cheeks redden slightly as though the sun blaring in from the windows has an affect on him.
There's a calmness that comes with the sight of him asleep and almost at peace. It's a serenity like no other. A moment so rare you're forced to sit still and embrace it.
And then there's his scar. Spanning across his left cheekbone, large enough to notice with a slight red hue. It should shatter the perfection that is his face, yet on him, I'm afraid it only adds to the allure of his perfection.
My fingers itch to touch it, trace it and for the briefest of moments, I find myself curious about what he'd done to get it.
It's a curiosity that gets the best of me when my hand slowly, hesitantly travels up from its place on his abdomen and up to his face.
Only the second my fingers brush where soft skin transitions to rough, his arm moves, my body startles and his hand grips my wrist, stopping me.
And by the time I register his swift movements, he's already pinning me to the bed and hovering above me. His hand clutching my wrist pins it next to my head, while his eyes - a sharp sapphire blue, narrow as though he's caught an intruder.
I smile at his obvious displeasure. "Good morning to you too, Sunshine."
He doesnt respond, his gaze remaining on alert, sharp and assertive. Yet, I don't miss the fatigue in the faint shadows beneath his eyes, and the faint stubble decorating his jaw.
"I know i'm irresistible but this is a bit much for eleven a.m." I glance down to his white t-shirt and navy blue pyjama pants in an attempt to distract myself, but it proves to be too distracting because all i'm doing now is focusing on the inch of space separating our bodies and how in some alternate fantasy we'd both be naked, sweaty and less appropriate.
"Nine a.m." He corrects in a voice so low and hoarse my eyes slide back to up to him hovering above me.
It takes a long moment for his words to sink in, but when they do, my mind crashes into reality, where I'd only gotten four hours of sleep. "In that case, good fucking night."
Before I can shut my eyes and drift back off to sleep, I catch him rolling his eyes, while his body relaxes to the point where I can see the muscles in his broad sounders relax. "You're exceptionally annoying in the mornings."
I shift beneath him, pushing my hips up until I brush the hardest part of him while he suppresses a grunt. "Your hard dick pressing into me says otherwise."
"Don't get too cocky." Features tight, Adrik slowly inches lower, pinning me to the mattress, with his hips. "I was dreaming-"
"Of me?" I cut him off with a pout as I fall back down to the mattress. In this position it's hard to ignore the hardness pressed into me, especially when the memory of him is still so fresh, but I manage. "I'm honored, Addie."