LOVE - Kendrick Lamar

AdrikBliss.
It's solitude to an outsider, until the right person comes along.
It's silence to an introvert, until you have someone to share it with.
It's sleep to an insomniac, until you have someone to wake up to.
I wake alone, stressed, until bliss throws my mind into a spiral and drags my eyes down to its source.
I exhale a long, hard breath.
Early morning sunlight dances across emerald green, as I seek them from beneath her thick lashes. A sight so tantalizing, I can't look away.
Until I do with a groan.
I rub a finger across her lips, soft and so pretty while her mouth, warm and so tight takes me so well. It's a sight I won't ever get over, a feeling I'll never stop chasing, and a need I'll never let go of.
Sleep vanishes. Desire blankets my gaze until all I see, feel is her.
Endless green eyes, wild black hair and deep tan skin greet me from between my legs, while she wears my shirt and takes all of me.
Instincts tangle my fingers into her hair, while need supplies my heaving chest.
I wasn't the type of man to care for possessions. This woman? I want to posses every inch of her, from everything she thought of to all she touched.I wanted it. Needed it. And feared that if I gave her the smallest glimpse into my obsession, she'd run.
Grip tightening, the silky tendrils of her hair tangle between my fingers while the pads of them brush her scalp.
I'd catch her. Every. Single. Time.
Her tongue swirls around the tip, it feels so good, I groan as she pushes me right to the edge. Only I force it back if not for the sake of dragging it out, then for the sake of watching her a few moments longer.
And through dazed eyes, no longer heavy with sleep but something much darker, I watch my wife.
Mouth filled with me. Eyes focused on me. Hair fisted by me. She's tight and warm as she stretches her lips around me.It's perfect, she's perfect.
"I'm almost there-" mindlessly my words come out in slur of low Russian, but she doesn't seem to mind when she drags her red painted fingernails across my abdomen while her moan muffles around my length.
Dopamine rushes to my head, while the sight of her sends a rush of adrenaline to my groin. I can't help it when I push my hips up and get a light choke in return as I reach deep into her throat.
Instead of pulling away, she swallows, her throat contracts around me and with a rough, "Fuck." I cum down her throat.
She swallows it all. I watch her take every last drop, until she pulls away and tucks me back into my lounge pants, her tongue swiping along her lips mindlessly.
I don't let her stay away for too long, with a light nudge, I pull her face up to mine while my words reduce to a light murmur suddenly distracted by the sight of her. "What was that for?"
She looks away, I pull her face back to mine and realize I like her timid and sweet just as much as I like her smart mouth.
Any traces of shy vanish quickly with a quirk of her lips. "You once said you wouldn't mind waking up to my mouth."
"I don't mind," I hum, flipping us over so I'm hovering above her. As she falls to the bed, her hair a mess on my pillow, I brush the hair from her face, before my knuckles drag along her jaw, past her neck and down to the hem of my shirt.
I lift it over her head and toss it aside, marveling in the sight of her. Warm tan skin and soft curves. Her chest heaves, brown nipples- perky against the swells of her breasts. While a dainty gold necklace, with its pendant spelling out her name sits at her sternum.
I lift her hands, holding them above her head with my fingers interlocked on hers and my mouth dragging along the corner of hers, "Although, I would prefer waking up already buried inside you."
Without so much as another word, I drop and take her mouth. She lets me, threading her fingers back through mine.
Her body arches into mine, it fits so perfectly, I'm convinced she's made for me and only me.
I'm first to pull away, but I don't stay away for long.
My lips trail down her neck and over the swell of her left breast where her name rests. I suck it into my mouth, before rests my lips over it. "Will you wear my name around your neck?"
Despite my voice remaining passive, the thought stirs a deep sense of possession. I want all of her in the same way she has all of me.
She bites down on her lip, I want to do the same. "Maybe."
Instead, I drag my lips up her throat, and suck the skin where it meets her ear. "How about my ring?"
She shivers, I feel her nipples tighten against my chest and drag my lips to hover back over them.
She chokes out a laugh. "You're still on that?"
I pause and glance up at her before nipping at the swell of her breast, marveling in the way she flickers lightly at my touch. "I'll stop when I get what I want."
She laughs, rolls her eyes as though I'm not being completely and utterly serious.
I am.
When she flips us back over, I let her hover above me before I grab ahold of her waist and drag her down onto me, until she's pressed to me. "What are you doing?" She mumbles.
I like the feel of her skin to mine. Her chest to mine. I feel her heart better this way. It beats in unison with mine. Makes what I feel in mine more tangible. Somewhat understandable.
"Adrik-" Crinkles form on the bridge of her nose, and her brows dip in sudden thought. "Should I stop calling you that?"
"No." Never. My response is instant, while my thumb traces the exposed side of her breast.