The Weeknd - After Hours

CelinaIf you'd told me one year ago that I'd be ditching a night out with my friends to spend a night in bed with the man I hated, I'd be extremely disappointed to find out that I was quite literally, just sharing a bed with him.
Nothing else.
It's a repulsive and unsettling thought, and the only reason I'd agreed was purely for the entertainment that'd come from watching Adrik Kozlov do the one thing he hated most in the world.
Sharing, with me.
But after all the fun had settled, discomfort had replaced it.
Sharing anything aside from sex with a man was off putting, but doing it with my soon to be husband?
Horrifying, disgusting and flat out disturbing.
So disgusting that I wake with a jolt, only processing that it's morning by hint of daylight streaming in through the cracks of the curtains.
I'd shut my eyes for a millisecond. That's all.
Now, as I register it's morning, I can't help but feel horrified with myself at the knowledge that I'd slept comfortably next to the man.
Yet as I glance next to me, all I see are empty sheets and to my sleep deprived mind, it's enough to settle myself back into the bed.
It's too warm, to resist. To comfortable to move from, and far too-
"If you drift off, I'll use your pillow to strangle you until you're in a permanent sleep." Low, throaty and nearly laced with fatigue, I still, awareness pushing through my sleep induced haze.
That deep voice. That masculine yet clean smell.
An annoyed groan escapes my lips in realization.
I'm not sleeping next to the man I hate most, I'm sleeping on him.
With my leg thrown over him so far that I'm practically sprawled atop him, and his words nothing but a hoarse hum in ear. I'm molded to him, closer than I'd ever willingly be.
Yet, a simple glance to the clock across the room tells me it's seven a.m, too early for any normal human to be up and frankly, too fucking early to be dealing with this shit. So with a sigh, I shut my eyes, furrow deeper into him and ignore the Russian Ogre. "Stop talking." I murmur.
He remains tense and firm beneath me, while hands that I realize had slipped beneath my shirt and stuck to my hips begin to move up, but I'm only minutely aware of the one tangling into my hair from behind.
Thick calloused fingers lace themselves into my scalp and I can't resist when a soft sigh escapes my lips at the feeling.
A soft sigh that dies into a harsh grunt of surprise when that hand tightens, fisting my hair and with one harsh tug, yanks my head up, forcing my eyes open and towards deep ocean eyes.
Even at the ass crack of dawn, he looks perfect.
Chiseled face, hair messy but somehow put together and gaze as unwaveringly strong as the hand fisting a chunk of my hair.
The only semi out of place thing, was the hickies on his neck, peeking out from the collar of his white t-shirt. " Get the fuck off me, Ademaro."
Annoyance stirs in my gut at the sight of him and the sound of his deep morning voice. "You're a big boy, why don't you do it yourself."
Aside from the faint chirp of birds beyond the windows, silence sits heavy between us, challenging and filled with anticipation.
Not only had my statement pissed him off, but now made something he was already planning to do, an order and I highly doubted a man with an ego as big as his, would listen to a demand from my lips.
His fist tightens in my hair and in retaliation, I push myself further up his body, until I'm straddling him, while his hand remains fisting a chunk of my hair so tight my scalp begins to ache.
"Remove yourself." He warns. His eyes don't trail down my form, they stay glued to my face in defiance, while nothing about his body seems affected by me, except for the bulge pressing against my inner thigh.
"Someone's excited." My lips stretch into a sly smile, full of taunt, "Were you having wet dreams about me, Kozlov?"
"Don't get too excited." That seems to do it, the hand in my hair loosens, until it's off me completely before he's flipped us over so that he's hovering above me. This way I'm aware of his body, far larger than mine, hovering over me, at his will. "I was dreaming of your death."
The position makes me feel small, dominated. Something I'd never allow a man to have over me. "Kinky," I breath, lifting my hands to push on his chest.
He doesn't move.
I begin to feel suffocated by his entirety, yet he doesn't move. Making it clear that I have no leverage or power in this position.
It bothers me, but I don't show it.
I force an unbothered smile and flicker my eyes across his face. All hard lines and serious stares.
"In that case," I pat his cheek with a fake smile. "You look well rested."
He shrugs off my touch, "And you look like shit."
"Do you always talk to women that way?" I take the distraction as an opportunity to hook my legs around his waist, tighten them until he's surprised enough for me to push him onto his back and straddle him. "If so, I can see why they refuse to ever approach you."
His hardness once again presses into my inner thigh, higher this time. It makes it harder to ignore, but I force myself to, out of pure spite with how easily he is able to ignore my body - nearly naked from the waist down - pressed on top of him.
"I can get any woman I want," Those large hands find my hips once again, his touch searing my skin, so firm I'm forced into place, his strength yet another reminder that although he's below me, he still holds the strength to move me as he pleases. "And I can guarantee, I wouldn't even have to speak to her."
So arrogant and full of himself, I narrow my eyes, prepared to respond, only to be shoved off him when he lifts me off him and throws me across the bed.
I force down my annoyance at his action. "Of course." I sit up, seemingly unbothered by his effortless strength, and stretch out my arms before yawning. "You seem like an absolute catch."