Arctic Monkeys - 505

CelinaThere was a lot of things I wasn't.
A listener, a giver, I wasn't even a good person.
But most importantly, I wasn't a damsel.
When I got into trouble, I most certainly went looking for it.
Today, however, I didn't go looking for trouble, but I sure as fuck welcomed it when I opened my mouth.
It was a Monday afternoon in mid May, the trees had begun to bloom, the weather was now one that made you sweat, and I - deciding to play my part as Adrik Kozlov's- soon to be -useless housewife, was making my way to the pool.
Drink in my hand, snack in the other, and my laptop tucked under my shoulder, I began my stroll through the manor, only to be stopped by a Russian minion the second I step outside.
I recognize this one. Buzzcut from dinner all those days ago. One of the less unbearable men under Kozlov's command.
"I wouldn't go down that way alone." I peer through my sunglasses to the pebbled path behind him and note the grouo consisting of two men and one woman, smoking at a nearby a tree.
I glance back at him. "I'll survive."
He looks apprehensive, "I'll walk you down-"
My face scrunches up in disgust at his offer, finding it nothing but insulting. "I'm a woman not a fucking child." I deadpan, causing the man to take a threatened step back.
I study him impatiently. Perhaps I was a little snappy, bitchy even, but I had reason to.
I've been on edge, mainly because I was edged.
I don't bother explaining myself to him, I simply push past him and leave.
My sandals slap against the stoned path, obnoxiously altering the thruple of now angry looking Russians of my arrival.
I near them, and being the bigger person that I am, I don't say anything.
Only managing to keep my mouth shut, until I step past them and hear one of them mutter something after me.
I should be the bigger person, I should ignore them, I should avoid conflict. But like I say, when trouble follows, you open your mouth and pick a fight.
"Once again," I sigh, turning around to face them. "If you want your words to hit, you gotta have the balls to say them in a language I understand." I glance around, faintly remembering the platinum blonde minion from my first days of kidnapping. I might have killed someone she loved. "Otherwise, I'll just assume you're saying I'm the pretties girl here." I smile.
The glare she sends me is filled with rage and hatred which tells me that I'm correct in my assumption that I might have killed someone she cared for.
Oh well.
"He said," she steps forward and flicks her lit cigarette at my feet, the side of my pinky toe burns and my eyes narrow slightly, but I don't dare to move. "We pray you drown."
Pursing my lips I tilt my head at her, "Killing me still won't make you the prettiest girl in the room."
She explodes, outrage on her face, led by frustration. "I don't care about being pretty!"
"You sure about that?" I continue because If there was one thing I was good at, it was pissing people off. "Cause it sure does sound like you care."
"I care because you kill my boyfriend!" She explodes, throwing the same words she'd said to me before at me.
Ugh, she's still hung up on that?
I use my pinky to lift my sunglasses and set them on my head without spilling the drink in my hand, before brining the sugary drink to my lips and taking a sip of it. "Get over it."
She seems to be anything but over it when she grabs the lit cigarette from the man next to her and digs the butt of it into my arm, suddenly. Surprised, I hiss quietly, but otherwise don't move.
If I did, I'd either knock over my drink, or the plate of Om Ali Sitto had made for me.
And so, as the burn filters through my arm and my anger begins to flare at the knowledge that if the burn on my pinky toe didn't scar, this definite would, I do what any sane minded person would do.
I head butt the bitch until she pulls away with a cry, nursing her now bleeding nose.
"The next time you touch me, I won't do anything." I step forward, and kick out my foot and swiping her feet from under her. She goes tumbling to the ground, caught off guard. "But my fianc will." At the sound of that the two men with her step back, from interfering. "And I bet whatever he'll have planned for you all will be much worse."
Bluffing, I smile at them, as one would if they had a real fianc who'd care enough to defend the honour of his beloved, while I plot out the most satisfying way to carve out each of their faces.
"Oh please." She snaps, laughing angrily. "We all know you are nothing but his whore chasing after money." Hints of fear linger on the tips of her words, telling me all this attitude is nothing but an act.
I roll my eyes to the one on the ground, nursing her bleeding nose. "Touch me again and you'll find out,"
And with that, I turn around and continue on my way, only by the time I get to the pool, a headache starts to form behind my eyes.
I don't let it ruin my day, not as I make it into one of the comfortable lounge chairs, not as I eat my food and enjoy my drink, and not as my body becomes so satisfied, I can't help but lounge back, close my eyes and enjoy the warm glow of the sun.
Much like everything I've been getting these past few days, the bliss is short lived when the warmth of the sun is suddenly sucked from my surroundings, as a dark shadow falls upon me.
I don't open my eyes, nor do I have to, aside from the smell of his cologne, I can feel the arrogance dripping off him in what I presume to be his perfectly tailored suit.
"Move." I demand.
He doesn't move. Infact, he speaks rather impatiently. "Get up."
I don't respond, in hopes that my silence will communicate what I'm thinking.
Leave me the fuck alone.