I'm picturing this dress but a deep emerald green
Prisoner - The Weeknd ft Lana Del Rey

Cairo, Egypt"Put that down."
"No!" I held Jido collectable to my chest and smiled at her across the garden, "I like it."
Mama looked at me. Her eyes dipped at the corners, her hands stopped what they were doing. She was displeased with my happiness, and it wasn't just because I'd ruined my braids playing with Jido. "I don't like the lessons your grandfather is giving you with these weapons."
If I wanted to resume playing fight with Jido, I needed Mama to fix my hair. Jido wouldn't let me play without protecting my hair. With the biggest sigh ever, I stomped across the garden and stood above her seated form. "How else will I protect us?"
Jido said Mama was like Sitto. They didn't understand the importance of protection because they weren't the ones that had to fight for it. They were good, and sometimes, good needed to be protected by bad.
"You don't need to protect me." Mama pulled away from her stupid flowers with a smile so pretty I wished I could have. I didn't want to think like her when I got big, but I did want to be beautiful like her. "I'm your mother. I protect you."
She was wrong.
Mama cries when I hurt the pests in her garden, the ones that shouldn't be allowed to touch what's hers. She gets upset when her flowers die.
She wouldn't hurt anyone, no matter what.
I would if they hurt her.
Besides, if I was good, then who would be the bad to protect us? Jido said he couldn't do it forever.
"Why don't you play with me today instead of your grandfather?" My knees, already slightly bruised from today's lessons dropped to the grass as I watched her remove her garden gloves. "I'm planting tulips. They're so wonderfully beautiful when they finally grow, they'll be your favorite too."
"No." All she did was plant her flowers in her garden.
It was so boring.
"Jido's not done teaching me about these!" I held up the gun for her to see how amazing all the metal looked, shaped like so but she didn't seem to agree. "I want to learn more about them."
"I don't like them and you shouldn't either." Mama's dark hair swayed as she shook her head. When she looked away from the gun, she finally spoke. "They curse the hands that hold them."
Crazy. Mama was crazy with those types of thoughts.
When I learned to braid my own hair, I wouldn't need to sit and listen to her talk crazy. But until then, I'd have to sit and take it. "How about you read a book instead?"
"I hate reading." A butterfly landed on the flowers in front of me, flowers that didn't belong to it but to Mama. I wanted to chase it away, make it leave but mama's hands in my hair stopped me.
"Why don't you write to your father?" Her suggestion made my eyes fall to my lap, not even the amazing gun in my lap could distract me from the bad feeling. All I could do was bury my hands in the grass around me.
I pulled on it until it all fell to pieces. "He never writes me back!" He never even gets my letters.
Jido didn't like it when I cried, Mama reached over to wipe my cheeks and let me. "He's just busy, my love."
"Jido says you make time for those you love." I loved pap, if he was here all the time, I could be the good and he could be the bad to protect us. I hated pap's work and I hated America for taking him away.
Mama scoffs from behind me, "Your Jido's ideas on love are all wrong. He's good at a lot of things but he doesn't understand love." She sounds so sure of herself, but how could he not?
He loved my Sitto so much, he did everything to make her happy. He loved me so much, he never wanted me to be scared. He loved Mama so much, he kept her safe.
By the time she finished with my hair, I wasn't excited to play anymore. In fact, I wanted to keep crying forever and ever. "Pap doesn't love me."
"Don't say that. He loves you so much." Hands on my shoulders spun me around to see her green eyes as they filled with tears. If I was beautiful like her when I cried, I wouldn't hate doing it so much. "He did what he had to."
Then I must have been the problem.
"My Celina." I didn't like when she said my name so softly, it made me feel so... bad. "You're sweet and loving and so so beautiful-"
Liar.
"If that's true, then why are you the only one who says it?" If it were true I'd hear it from someone else. Anyone else.
"My love," She kissed my wet cheeks and I knew I'd have to soon wash my face before Jido saw. He hated when I was sad. "One day you're going to find someone who will love you and make you feel it." Her hands were so soft, and when she held my face in her hands, they covered my entire face.
"One day... you'll fall in love." Mama sounded so hopefully when she spoke of love. As though it was all she dreamed of.
I hated the idea of it. "And then I'll reject it!"
When she pulled away, she gasped. "Don't ever say that!"
"It's true. Jido says-"
"To hell with what Jido says!" She was angry. Mama never got angry with me. "I'm tired of his teachings." Outraged, her eyes moved to the weapon in my lap. "Give me that thing."
"No!" I grabbed the gun before she could, holding it to my chest. She couldn't make me stop playing with Jido. He was my only friend. The best person in the world. He protected us and now he was teaching me to do the same.
I wouldn't let Mama take this from me.
"Celina," even angry she didn't raise her voice at me. She simply grabbed the gun and pulled it towards herself. "Give it to me before you hurt yourself."