Drinks on us - Mike Will Made It, The Weeknd

CelinaNever have I ever lost to a man.
I throw back my drink, only as the rim of my glass brushes my lips, its snatched out of my hand and set on the bar in front of me.
"You must really like me with the way you're so up my ass, Kozlov." I remain cool, despite the burning fire brewing from within. Knowing I'd rather die than let him know he'd left an affect on me.
The man brushes right past me, he doesn't touch me yet his proximity sends an ounce of tension through my body. My body that's still on edge and sensitive to the slightest touch. Even as he comes to stand at my side, I feel antsy and unsatisfied.
An unoriginal mainstream song pours from the speakers, drawing most of the VIP guests to the dance floor, leaving our area relatively empty. "Tell me, something." He speaks, his shoulder brushing mine as his gaze, much like mine, remains forward. "Is your delusion a side affect of your bruised ego, or your sexual frustration?"
I'm beginning to think the hardest thing I'll ever do in my life is try not to claw out the Russians ice cold eyes. "Neither."
He responds with a low hum. "Comical."
There's no humour in his voice, aside from the air of arrogance that comes when he speaks the simple word. And an inkling tells me that's the closest I'll ever get to a genuine laugh from this emotionally inept hard ass.
I turn and order myself another drink, needing something to take the edge that's creeping into my veins off. "Last I checked, you weren't my keeper."
The bartender slides the drink over to me, only for a much large mr hand to intercept the exchange. "Yet all you've done is proven that you're unstable enough to need one."
I reach for my drink in his hand, but he moves it away from me, denying me "I can hold my liquor just fine."
Finally the man turns towards me and raises a brow, his face a cool mask of indifferent as though he hadn't been fucking me with my knife in the room upstairs moments ago. "You would have drown in my pool had I not saved you."
"That was your mistake." I smile, changing gears and reaching for my drink behind him. "You should've let me die when you had the chance."
"I'm not that generous." Smooth and controlled Adrik shrugs off my touch. "I prefer playing with you and watching you suffer. " those eyes dance between mine, it's meaning clear in the smugness of his gaze. "I'm learning that it's much more fun when you're deprived."
I forget about my drink, and narrow my eyes up at him. "Don't get too cocky. The games not nearly over yet."
I was going to get him back. I didn't quite know how, but I knew that despite his efforts to ignore it, he was attracted to me. If not for the fact that he'd been hard for me, then the fact that the man who hated touch had a knack for touching me with such ease.
His body craved mine, and he hated it. I'd use that and make him so miserable he'd be begging for my touch.
"I just love it when you speak dirty to me." I hum, taking a step forward right into his body. On cue, he tenses, but doesn't step away.
"But you should know..." i trail my hand up his chest, "That I can get any man in this room down on his knees in a matter of minutes." perhaps it's my touch, my proximity or my words that wipe the smug look from his eyes, but it brings a small smile to my lips as I drag the sharp tip of my blood red painted nail up his jaw. "To finish what you clearly couldn't."
Something dark and ruthless burns beneath his surface, it's clear in the sharpness of his gaze, and the flex of his jaw. "I'd like to see you try." An obvious threat I choose to play ignorant to.
I tilt my head, still not satisfied as I drag my nail up to trace the scar on his cheekbone. The skin is smooth beneath my touch, telling me it's years old. "Just imagine what they'll say about you. Adrik Kozlov, a man who couldn't satisfy his own fianc so much so that she had to get it from someone else-"
His composure snaps when he sets my drink down, and grips my throat."I dare you to finish your sentence." Low and menacing his tone tells me that he in fact, doesn't want me to finish my sentence.
I let a moment of silence filled with the music that's faded into the background sink between us before I finish my sentence, "I bet you I could do it in less than three minutes."
Hand flexing, grip tightening, there's something on the tip of his tongue, I just know it. But he doesn't say it.
I tsk at him. "So angry." Flattening my hand down his abdomen, I stop to cop a feel at the solid muscle that's tensed beneath my touch. "Is that jealousy of yours kicking in yet, Kozlov?"
"Test my patience all you want. I won't have you ruining my reputation." He sounds beyond angry, and I can tell it's the blinding type that's made him so unaware of how close he is to me. "If I so much as hear about another man touching you," his words are harsh as he pulls me so close his breath hits my lips. "your inheritance is mine."
Perhaps he's so opposed to the idea of someone else touching me because he's subconsciously deemed me as his. But unlike most, I wasn't going to sit around and swoon at his possessive display.
Instead, I take the opportunity to slip my hand off to the side and grab my drink, all the while flickering my gaze down to his lips and raising a brow. It's a subtle move but enough to bring his attention to how aware I am of our proximity.
He soon follows in that awareness when he lets go of me and steps back. Something he seems to be doing often. So often I wonder what's going on in that head of his.
I slip from the confines of his gaze and take a step back, choosing to call his bluff.
He needed me and to a man as wealthy as him, the opportunity I presented was far more valuable than anything money could buy.
The truth was that the thought of me with another man did nothing but bother that ego he had concealed so well.
I walk backwards, and purposely take a slow sip of my liquor, catching his eye."Who am I to back down from such a dare?"
I stick around long enough to watch the rage consume him, and when I realize he's on the cusp of following after me, I turn and disappear into the mass of sweaty saying bodies. Knowing the man would rather burn himself alive then put himself through the ring of bacteria that came from a crowd of drunks in a club.
The victory should taste a lot sweeter but I can't seem to find the will to celebrate through the frustration.
So far the score was set in his favor. He'd taken me by surprise, touched me, had me at his mercy and worst of all, I found myself for a moment in the bliss, enjoying it.