Blue - The Neighbourhood

CelinaI'd rather someone cut every single one of my toes off with a butter knife, than wake up to a white haired nutcase, using her stick like fingers to prod my cheek. "Is this thing even alive?"
The worst part of it all isn't the soreness in my limbs, the cloudiness in my brain, it isn't even the excessive pain in my abdomen, it's her shrilly fucking voice.
"Don't touch her." This voice is even worse. A man's, but high pitched and stressed.
"Why not?!" I hear an annoyed groan. "Dima says I'm not allowed to touch anything of value here. She's worthless."
I wake with a dreadful groan, one that grows louder when my eyes adjust to the light of the room and the three pairs of eyes glancing down at me. "If I'm worthless than what are you?"
My throat feels dry, so dry it's hard to talk, but I'd be damned if I let a deranged Chucky doll get away with bad mouthing me.
Natasha stands in her white nightgown, her pale skin and pink cheeks so sick looking, I'm convinced this girl hasn't stepped out of the house since coming to America. "I'm the princess of this castle."
Someone hands me a cup of water, and I grab it from Feo's hand before managing to sit myself up and chug it down. "Are you sure you're not the evil step sister?"
"Why did he have to save her." She whines, turning to look at a stone faced Dima. She tucks her hands beneath her chin and looks up pleadingly. "Can we kill her and blame the bullet wound?"
Feo shakes his head, as though she's been driving him crazy all day and Dima looks down at her, his face pensive as though he's thinking about it.
"You're not even allowed to be in here." Feo mutters before looking to Dima. "Get your little girlfriend out of here before we all get in trouble."
Dima narrows his eyes, while the white Chucky Doll at his side gags. "Ew. I'm not his girlfriend."
I snort out a laugh, but instantly stop myself with a hiss as pain explodes all over my abdomen.
That must grab all their attention because in the next moment, Dima is dragging Natasha out, while Feo looks down to his phone.
"What's happened?" I croak, finally using the peace and quiet to glance around the space.
I'm in Adrik's bedroom, laying on his bed, I peek down at myself. There's a crisp white dress shirt slipped on my body, the buttons done up loosely, stopping at my chest, where my bra peeks out, and when I shift, all I feel on my bottom half are my underwear.
"You've been in and out of sleep for a few days, now." Feo mumbles.
Days?
I don't remember anything. All I remember was the pure agony I'd felt as Adrik removed the bullet, everything else is a blur.
"There were some complications." Feo mumbles his eyes drag down to the I.V in my arm. It pumps something into me, perhaps nutrients or whatever else needed to monitor my blood sugar. What I assume to be the one complication. "Nothing too damaging."
I sit up in bed, ignoring the pain and glance to the window opened slightly, allowing the fresh breeze from outside to waft into the room.
It's morning, and I'm famished.
As if reading my mind, Feo grabs a tray placed on the nightstand and lowers it to my lap. Oatmeal, eggs, a few pieces of sausage, a cup of yogurt, and a glass of orange juice.
Warmth crawls into my chest, it's something that feels strangely of gratitude. But instead of making things awkward with a thank you, I remain unbothered. "Would it kill him to let me eat out for once?"
Feo doesn't reply, he simply types away at his phone and lets me eat in peace.
"You're lucky, the bullet didn't pierce deep," It's Dima who speaks and when I look up from my meal I realize he's back, void of the lunatic. He tips his chin up and glances down at me like I'm the gum beneath his shoe. "How'd you survive?"
I stop chewing and glance up at him. I must resemble death itself because his face wavers slightly as though I'm a mental case. "I wrapped a chunk of barbed wire around my barrette knife and stabbed the man that attacked me, repeatedly."
Piece by piece the memories of the night come back to me.
Adrik leaving me at the hotel, me walking myself to a bar, getting drunk, and stumbling into an ally where the man approached me.
Or was it two men?
Feo begins to type away wildly at his phone as if he's taking notes while Dima's eyes narrow. "That doesn't explain the bullet."
"Someone else fired a gun." I deadpan, "I didn't see them, but I used the fat ass I'd killed to shield myself." I continue, my jaw ticking at the thought that I'd let one of them get away. "The bullet must have pieced through him and then hit me."
I bet it was that bitch that arranged all this.
Anger burns, so strong the need for revenge begins to flourish as I think about what I'll do to Silvio Ademaro's wife.
Feo continues to type away at his phone, I look back to Dima, suddenly pissed off that this is what I wake up to and not... him.
"Is that all officers?" I deadpan.
"Who tried to kill you?" Dima pushes further as if I'm hiding the answer in my fucking ass crack.
My temples begin to throb, and I bring my fingers up to massage them. "If I knew that we wouldn't fucking be here, now would we, Sherlock Holmes?" I snap, moving back to my food. All that's left is a bowl of yogurt, which I scarf down, spilling some onto my shirt and bra.
"Can you think of anyone who wants you dead?" It's Feo who speaks this time, finally looking up from his phone.
"I can't think of anyone who doesn't want me dead."
Not only did I make an enemy out of every single person I met, but I had a true talent for brining out the worst in people.
Sighing, Feo grabs my empty tray and begins to follow after Dima who leaves, but I stop Feo with a simple question that's been tugging at me since I'd opened my eyes. "Where is he?"
I feel oddly vulnerable and small asking for him.
I'd never cared for where he was. Why does it feel like I do now?