Lana Del Rey - Doin' Time

CelinaI'm going to die, might as well die trying.
It's the mantra I chant to myself as I push open the creaky door, crawl down the ladder and use a match I'd found in a matchbox to light my way through what I now knew to be a series of hidden passageways. They were nothing but dark, covered in cobwebs and confusing as fuck to navigate through.
In the time I spent exploring, I'd only managed to find one single door. With my curiosity brimming and my frustrations high, I'd slipped into the room only to come face to face with shelves of cleaning supplies.
Not an exit, not a hallway that led to an exit, but the broom closet I'd once hid in. Only now the unconscious boy is gone and replaced with low music that spills from the other side of the door, accompanied by the sound of light chatter.
The way I see it, I have three options. One - risk a lung virus by continuing to explore the narrow passageways. Two- go back to the hell in the tower and hope I die of boredom. Or three- make use of my shitty situation.
I glance at the door, my mind on what lies behind it and the opportunity it presents. While I'd hoped said party would be a useful distraction in my plotted escape, it now sat as my only viable option to gain an upper hand.
This initiation was important and crashing said party would be suicide. It's reckless and outright stupid. And all for what? A chance to piss off the man I was growing an immense hatred for?
Was it really worth it?
No.
Was I going to do it anyways?
Yes.
With a newfound determination, I slip back into the opening behind the far shelf and navigate my way through the narrow passageways. It's not long before I'm back in my room, searching through the mess I'd created in an attempt to find my carry-on bag.
However, when I do locate it, I dig through the clutter until I've found my emergency pumps - a sleek black pair of Valentino's. To my displeasure, the only formal wear I'd packed was a black dress, long enough to reach mid calf with a square neckline.
It'd been purchased with the intent of being versatile, for any situation that would need a dress last minute- a.k.a, boring as fuck. The only interesting part of the dress was the way it clung to my tight figure.
I make up for the dull outfit with my makeup that I locate with ease. I conceal the cuts on my face, dabble on mascara, eyeliner and of course a bold lipstick.
Finally, when I'm satisfied in my appearance, I slide back the large painting, slip through the door but not before making sure the painting is slid back in place, concealing the passageway to anyone who could possibly enter the room.
It isn't long before I've pushed my way into the broom closet, taking a few moments to wipe the cobwebs from my hair and dress. When I'm sure I've done a throughout job, I reach for the door handle and pause when it swings open by a uniformed man.
Shit.
He's already reaching for a roll of paper towels by the time he spots me and when he does, he stops in his tracks. "What are you doing in here?"
Double shit.
If his uniform isn't a dead giveaway, his accent is. But the Russian doesn't regard me with alarm, nor does he look at me like he knows who I am.
"My apologies, Sir." I bashfully breath out, dipping my head in a sign of embarrassment as I slip past him and out of the closet. I make sure to brush my hand on his chest ever so subtly, an action that draws his attention to my touch instead of my suspicious behavior. "I thought this was the restroom."
"The restrooms are over there." Comes his response as he points further down the corridor to a set of doors, clearly labeled as restrooms.
I give a sheepish chuckle."Right." Knowing that my skin is far too tan for a subtle blush to form, I bite my bottom lip. "I see that now."
A tense moment of silence settles and my heart begins to beat in anticipation. That is until he pushes past me, with a shake of his head, muttering a "Stupid Americans," under his breath.
I take a moment to recover and in doing so, I cast a glance from the archway that leads into the ballroom to the large staircase in the center of the foyer type space. Guards line the top of the stairs, meaning the only place I can go is forward, into the ballroom.
My heels click in against the marble floors as I pass two girls stopped in the middle of the hallway, more engrossed in taking pictures of themselves than where they're going.
I make it past them before I'm stopped by a somewhat familiar voice. "Lina Ayad?"
I stop dead in my tracks.
Triple shit.
"Only you would show up to an everything but black party in black."
Stretching my lips into a smile, one fake and reserved for the people I'd been surrounding myself with for the past three years, I greet the two girls. "Chelsea Montclair." I don't spare her sidekick a glance, "What a pleasant surprise."
Her smile of response puts my fake one to shame. "What are you doing here?" The only thing bigger than her mouth was her ass and right now it was crammed tight in a fucking ball gown, while I was in a semi formal dress at best.
I don't let the way she eyes my dress deter me. I send her an easy smile. "I'm here for the free drinks and entertainment of course."
There was only one reason I deemed her important enough to remember her name and it had everything to do with her father and his influence over the US senate.
I'd shared a class with her at Oxford and realized I couldn't stand the girl enough to befriend her. She was a walking gossip column.
"I mean in New York." She laughs, "I thought you'd be vacationing in St Barts with Sebastian and the rest of your friends." She tilts her head, her smile a complete contrast to her vulture like demeanor. "I do hope everything is alright between the two of you..."
I don't miss the spiteful way she says friends nor the hope in her voice for reasons I don't give two shits about but I entertain her, seeing as my chances of surviving depend on it. "Seb and I are fine. What brings you..." I glance around the room. "Here."
She tips her chin at me. "In case you didn't hear, I'm interning at Couture Magazine this summer." I'm sure she worked really hard for that one. "I've also got a seat as one of the chairs of La Haute Society. They're in New York City this summer season-"