Where's My Love - SYLM

Khalid Ayad"Read it."
She loosens her hold on the papers and throws them all over the table as if they're not priceless pieces of family history, older than even I am.
She has no idea of the importance of what I'm teaching her. Aside from myself, she'd be the only person in the world with the right knowledge to read my grandfather's Arabic scripture.
But one day she will understand. It's what connects us.
Right now, she looks fed up with it, sprawled over the garden sofa, her eyes anywhere but the paper. "What did I do to deserve this punishment?"
My informant waits by the door, watching in bewilderment as I attempt to bargain with my granddaughter who's not only got my eyes but my attitude. "Reading is a privilege."
"To those in prison." She's been reading for ten minutes and has spent nine of those minutes complaining.
I give a light shake to my head and suppress a laugh. She's got my humor and I can't be mad at it. "If I was your age and mouthing off to my elders like you are, I'd be sent to live with the wild dogs outside the gates."
Her eyes narrow, but she doesn't argue, she does however mutter a curse under her breath. For the sake of my own sanity, I pretend not to hear it.
I leave her in the garden and head to the guesthouse. It's rare for us to have guests come uninvited, no one is foolish enough to be so disrespectful.
Except for them.
When I enter the living room and spot the familiar figure, it soon makes sense.
She's here once again. This time, the man she's with doesn't look like her husband.
"Mr. Ayad." She greets me with a nod, her tone respectable.
I return it, after all, my people are taught to be polite, my grand-daughter seems to be the only exception. "Miss. Kozlova."
When I look to her companion, he merely nods. She clarifies. "This is Arturo Moretto. A friend," when she glances at him, a smile forms on her face. Much like all else it's cold. "And a perspective business partner."
I'd turned her down the last two times, but like I'd learned of the Russians, persistency ran in her royal blood. Luckily, it ran in mine aswell. "I'm not interested."
I do however take interest in this Arturo Moretto character. I knew very little about him. I'd heard his name, and knew he ran the small Italian business alongside that Italian idiot my daughter's convinced she's in love with.
He has no business here, with a Russian for that matter. Especially not one who's begun a war between them.
"I have a new proposal this time." She steps forward, I heave a sigh.
I have no clear idea of what this woman wants with me of all people. I don't involve myself in the business of crime outside of what I've already tied myself to.
What she brings is trouble. The kind of evil I don't want for myself or my family.
"The power in monarchy is dying off." She helps herself to the dried fruits placed atop the table, and speaks as though we're in a mutual understanding. "Soon, our family names will mean nothing to our countries. That is unless we have something to offer or reign over."
The most dangerous people are the ones hungry for power. It's like an all consuming drug that blurs any and every line. All of which they'd cross to get more of.
"And as one dying royal to another, I have a way to keep our families powerful for generations to come." Like I'd said, power is nothing but a drug.
I don't want to hear her out, but intuition keeps my ears open and my words deceiving. "Go on."
Excitement sparks deep blue eyes. "Arturo says the Italians are growing even bigger than they are now by expanding their businesses into America."
Businesses? They dealt in crime, murder, drugs and weaponry.
I'd rather die than have my family name tainted by any of it - more than it already has.
"It's a gold mine over there," His accent is much heavier with each word, it confirms any suspicions I have about him being Italian. "And we want you on our side when we take it before they can."
I don't need anymore enemies. "Why me?"
She steps forward to speak. "You have legitimate connections over there. With a politician on our side, we can do anything."
My father, he was a politician. I'm nothing but an old man born into a family with immense responsibility.
I thought she was the same. I look to her and tilt my head. "When did you lower yourself to working as a mafia?"
She was Russian royalty, and as one royal to another, petty crimes like this were beneath us.
"Since you did too." It's Arturo who speaks this and Arturo who makes my temper flare with the insinuation in his eyes.
I know he's speaking of my recent history with the Italians. No one knew of that history, I'd made sure of it.
Despite the fifty degree weather outside, the man wears a full suit and stands in my home, on my land and dares to be so disrespectful. "You know nothing of my business." Nor my family.
A small smile appears. "I know there's a bastard Italian love child somewhere in this castle." It's sinister as he looks around the room with nothing but an evil eye. "Maybe that's why you're siding with them."
I think of killing him, but with the heat outside and dinner time approaching, it's too much work. I'm better off saving it for one of the many other enemies he's mostly acquired with his disrespect.
"I don't care for any side in this war you've created." I want no part in it and if I had things my way, Silvio Ademaro would have never been able to step foot in my home and put my entire family at risk with the life he dragged us into. The thought brings immediate regret. "I want no part in any of what you have planned. You've wasted your time once again."
The woman, she shows very little. But I catch the tightness around her lips and the anger in her eyes. "I do hope you reconsider." Her voice is light, her words sound like a threat.