The Neighbourhood - Fallen Star

CelinaThere were three main stages to this overwhelming sense of grief I'd begun to feel since I'd decided my father was dead to me.
One - immediate, irrational anger. One that formed after I'd wallowed in a pool of self pity, hating the hand life had dealt me.
Two - a simmered down anger, this one immensely lethal, where my brain had begun to conjure up violent images that involved me slaughtering Silvio Ademaro and his perfect little family.
Three - hatred in its purest form. An animosity so deep, i'd begin plotting the demise of every single person involved in what I now considered treachery.
A crime punishable by death. And something I vowed to make every single person involved pay for by drowning them in the so called blood we shared.
Perhaps it's anticlimactic, or not as creative as I'd hoped, but it's all my numb mind could come up with and that was after I'd drowned my sorrows in an endless bottle of Brandy.
I didn't even like liquor, nor did I like walking as much as I'd been doing all night but it seems my ability to feel, had long ago maxed out because here I was, miles from the city, staring up at those hellish gates I'd escaped through hours ago.
The early morning sun blares directly into my eyes, crickets cry in the trees surrounding the gates, and I stare directly into the cameras, awaiting the gates, that eventually open on their own.
There are very few guards that I encounter on my way inside, but the ones that I do see aren't surprised, acting as though they'd be expecting me.
As though they'd been told so.
Even that realization, one that would normally drive me into a complete fit of madness led by humiliation, doesn't.
I'd thrown in my flag, admitted defeat all the while Adrik Koslov was probably counting down the hours until I proved his point.
He'd studied my nature, gotten me where he wanted and backed me into a corner, knowing how I'd react.
No one says a word to me, nor does anyone look my way as I walk into the manor, down the remaining drops of my liquor and toss the empty bottle into a nearby decorative plant.
I roam down the halls, eyes set ahead until the dark oak of the double doors leading into the library come into view.
The handle turns, my shoes slap against the hard wood floors, and I don't stop until I'm close enough to make out his back profile, dressed in a shoulder hugging navy blue, almost black suit. He's busy staring out of the bay windows, into the yard where workers continue to work on an almost built structure outside.
The darkness to his blazer and hair stands starkly against the morning sun shining through the windows as he stands tall, perfect and clean, ready for the day at six in the fucking morning.
If my arrival surprises him, he doesn't show it. Infact, he takes him time in turning towards me, while his attentive gaze stay glued to his wrist as he checks his watch.
"You're two hours early." He doesn't sound pleased, nor disappointed but his lips tug down at the corners.
"What can I say?" I mumble, turning to look away when I feel his inquisitive gaze follow me as I move towards his desk, and drop down in his desk chair. "I missed you too much."
Ignoring my statement, Adrik walks three steps forward, and flickers his eyes across my no doubtedly tired face. "You look terrible."
Unfazed by his statement, I lean back into his chair as it gives a heavy creak. "Would it make you hard if I said I was feeling it?"
Hid response is almost scripted."Not even the sight of you in pain is worth an ounce of my desire." Eyes roam across my form in disinterest with hints of disgust and I know he's eyeing my appearance.
I could feel the bags weighting my eyes down, the hollowness to my cheeks and the pressure building inside my head, on the brink of an explosion.
But my appearance was the last thing on my mind.
"So you've reconsidered my offer?" He cuts in, after a moment of silence.
"No." I offer simply, leaning back in his chair, the wood creaks once again, telling me it isn't meant to be tilted this far back but I couldn't care less.
He was getting what he wanted, but I wasn't giving it up so easily and in my partially drunk mind, that meant denying it even though I'd walked miles through the night to get here.
The blue in his eyes thin out as he narrows them in my direction, "Then why are you here?"
In truth, I hadn't entirely made up my mind, nor did I particularly have anywhere to go. But I do know that I'm not going to give him what he wants so easily.
Especially not when he was the catalyst to this all, meaning I won't be satisfied until he's joined everyone thats wronged me.
It just so happens that I'll have to save his downfall for last - until after I'm done using him.
I kick my feet up on his desk and pout at him. "I missed you."
His eyes move down to my shoes, I'd walked miles along the side of the road, my shoes were filthy.
His footsteps sound as he nears me, watching me like he's finally getting a good look at me, "Do you want to know how many Italians knew of your... situation?"
When he gets close enough to me, he kicks my feet off his desk.
With an eye roll, I force my exhausted body up and move to take a step away from him, not liking him this close when I'm feeling this exposed."I couldn't care less-"
He steps to the side, blocking my path while that heavy gaze of his tells me he thinks otherwise.
"About a dozen." So simple and straight forward. Like the fact that a dozen people I considered family knew I was being lied to was no surprise to him. "Even Alessio Galanti knew."
It would seem as though I'd reached another stage in this grief, this one an explosive anger so strong I need to take a step back and grip the wood of his desk in order to stable me.
Years.
For years I'd been scorned by any Italian I'd ever met, any family friend, uncle, or even cousin of my father's. I'd never been good enough in their eyes. I always thought the blatant disrespect they showed towards me had to do with the fact that I - my fathers only heir - was a woman.