TiO- ZAYN

AdrikTwo tugs on my pant leg brings my attention to Four eyes, who speaks eight letters.
"I'm scared."
The face of my watch stares back at me. It's hand well past midnight.
We'd gotten home, four hours ago. She'd disappeared to take care of her hostage and I'd left her alone, to have her way.
All these evens irritate me, the fact that she's late makes it all the more worse.
I glance to the other side of the sofa. His feet dangle from his seat, while mine plant firmly onto the ground. "Children have bedtimes." European football's dance across his pyjama's while I'm still in my suit and tie from the ball. "Exercise yours."
"I'm not tired." Fatigue practically drips from his brown eyes, while he pathetically suppresses a yawn. "When will my sister come back?"
I sense his attachment issues, with Celina at the center of them and wonder how severe they are. "I'm getting scared."
Despite his fatigue, he's resilience tells me he's not leaving anytime soon. With a sigh, I lean forward, watching the seconds tick by, until she walks through the doors. "Fear is for the weak." I tell him.
"So you were weak too?" The statement makes me narrow my eyes at him. He squirms, uncomfortable under my stare. "B-Before you were strong."
"I was very weak." I turn away from the kid to my left while my mind goes back to a parallel that's played in my mind more times than I can count. "Until someone taught me not to be."
Only this isn't like it was then. The kid may have been like I was, but I'm nothing like the person I'd put my trust in, only to find out he'd betrayed it.
"What happened?" Curious eyes, so ignorant to it all, blink at me."To the someone who made you strong?"
I never wanted children, nor was I a reasonable role model, but I suddenly understand the importance that lies in a child's mind. It's delicate, they're beyond impressionable and it's all so detrimental to their evolution.
What happened to him?
Perhaps I should protect the delicate ignorance. Experience taught me it does more harm than good. "I sent him to hell."
"Why?"
Why?
Why...
"Why do you look so scared, boy?"
I don't know why I do it. I hadn't done it when mother yelled. Or when father hit. Not even when my sister cried for me to.
But there's something about this stranger that tells me he's different. Maybe it's because mother left us alone in her study for a phone call and he invited me to play my favorite game in the world. And maybe it's because he's so good at it.
"I'm-" I try to say it like mother does to her friends. It sounds different from me. Maybe because I don't do this when anyone's near. "I'm born sick."
My English is no good. He's going to laugh at me. I should go back to quiet.
But the man smiles. Like he knows what kind of sick I am. The kind mother tells her friends I'm a waste of good p...po...potential for. "I know just how to fix that."
Fix it?
"How?" I want that very much... d...desperately as it says in the dictionary.
I desperately don't want to be scared anymore.
"Fear is nothing but a distraction." He moves the crown piece up. I move the horse. "Learn not to fear it, but instead, how to cause it."
It's hard to understand him. Not only am I new with English, but talking to someone else. "H-how?"
He taps the fire stick in his hand three times against the tray before moving his next piece. The Queen. "Power."
It's my turn, I move a small piece up two. "I don't know that word."
The next time he moves, he takes my king.
He's won and he did in three tries!
"Memorize it. Learn it. Breathe it." He stands from his seat, and glances down at me. "It's what makes our world go round. Makes you fearless."
Fear-less.
I want that.
The door behind us swings open, I jump from my seat and crawl under the table. "Oh, don't bother with him. He doesn't even speak."
I see mother's shoes, and hold my breath. "Now, what were you going to tell me about the Italians? And how much is it going to cost me?"
Italians.
Mother hates them.
"I don't want money." But the way he speaks sounds like them. "I want a favor."
When I blink into the now, I'm alone, not with my mother. Annoyed, not scared.
I go to answer his question, only to realize the little Ademaro's fallen against the couch, his cheek pressed to the cushion, snoring while a trail of drool spills onto the clean fabric.
The hands on my watch tick on and with each moment she hasn't returned, I grow agitated, until all I can do not to seek her out is lift the small boy up and into Celina's grandmothers room.
I set him on the other side of her bed. He snores, her grandmother snores louder. But before I leave, I lock the windows, turn the fireplace on and softly close the door.
The silence of my wing feels too lonely, and with a heavy breath, I head upstairs to my bedroom.
I'm halfway to loosening my tie when I stop at the mess of clothes thrown across the floor. I find her black dress puddled on the floor of the room first, then it's her underwear to the left of the laundry basket in the bathroom. And finally it's her tiara set atop the bathroom counter, next to a fogged up shower.