The Weeknd - Popular

Celina"Here's to Lina, soon to be Kozlov."
"Here's to me who'd rather be dead than live to see that day."
I swing back my first shot of the night while hundreds of pairs of eyes blink back at me, some I know, the majority I don't care to know. Yet somehow they all managed to make it onto this yatch for my bachelorette party.
If you could even call it that.
There was no Vegas, no strippers and certainly no one trustworthy enough to let me have any fun.
Aside from the fact that this multi-million dollar pile of luxurious shit is crawling with businessmen, socialites, dangerous Russians and Italians, this is far from the bachelorette party I had in mind.
I wanted to be somewhere in Vegas, cheating billionaires out of money, and getting plastered at a club with men who had yet to know my name.
Not stuck on some random multi story yatcht miles from New York City, where the only men I'd be gambling with were wealthy made men, and billionaires who were more interested in who I was marrying than me in this gorgeous dress.
"She's kidding..."Hana's smile falters as she sends me a hesitant look. "I think..."
Awkwardness seeps over the crowd that's gathered at the bar, the DJ plays a techno song on the far side of the deck, while low classical music hums from the floors below us.
"To Lina!" I don't care who says it, all I care is that the people around me begin to cheer and file towards the dance floor.
Ignoring the grumbling of my stomach, I order a tequila, while my weak hearted friend stays at my side. "You know, You can talk to me about anything, right?" I notice the signs a second too late, she's never going to shut up now.
I side eye her in response. "Get to the point, Hana."
Her shoulders drop, "Seb told me you asked him to sponsor you for the La Haute Ball." Of course he did, the little shit couldn't keep his mouth shut for jack shit.
"And...?" I offer dryly, facing away from the bar and towards the deck.
"He also told me you agreed to let him be your escort..."
I raise a brow, "So?"
"So, what about your husband?" The last word slips from her posh accent with so much ease, it feels like large pale hands had wormed their way into my chest and began to hold me down.
When she says it, it's different. Makes it feel real.
"He's not my husband." I grit out, sick of everyone calling him that.
"Okay..." She sighs, "What about the terrifying man you're going to be married to? I don't suppose he's alright with another man publicly escorting you into a high society ball."
He's isn't. In fact he'd remained so eerily quiet yesterday when he'd overheard Seb's request, I knew nothing good would come from it.
"I'll do it if you let me be your escort." Seb had said through the line.
The man standing before me's eyes had flashed and he'd stepped forward, reaching for the phone, his tone so cold it could freeze over the gates of hell. "Nyet."
I eye him like he's insane. Did he really think I'd let him be my escort while he sponsored another woman?
Yeah, fuck that.
I took two large steps back, out of his reach, yet kept my eyes on his. "Da." Surprise, challenge, and something else more pensive than rage had seemed to brush past his hardened stare. So pensive I briefly thought i'd hurt his feelings. (Russian yes.)
"What does that mean?" Seb had muttered, reminding me that he was still in my ear.
"I said yes. You can be my escort." And with that, I'd hung up the phone, took two steps forward and smoothed a hand over Adrik's tie.
My movements slow, nonchalant, despite the rage burning within. "I'll win the star debutant and Seb will be right by my side when I do so." I slipped his phone back into his pocket, relishing in the way his body remained rigid.
A slight tremble had racked through him as though he couldn't bear to conceal his rage. "Perhaps my dear sister will need an escort. I can already see it, you stand together as losers watching Seb and I."
I'd walked away before he could respond.
"Earth to Lina? You still there?" I blink back into the present, and look over at my friend who's looking at me through large brown doe eyes. They're soft, and welcoming. "Is everything okay between you and your...man?"
I internally roll my eyes knowing what that look means. She wants a heart to heart.
"It's fine..." Disappointment flickers through her gaze and with another swing of my drink, I humor her. "He's just..." a manipulative psychopath, an uptight cruel piece of dog shit, the devil himself. I settle on something that won't give my soft hearted friend a heart attack. "Mean."
"Is he sorry about it?"
I stare out into the crowd, bring my glass to my lips and drink in the people around me. My eyes catch onto a familiar Italian, rage instantly sparking in my chest. "He will be."
She doesn't see me, not as she maneuvers through the crowd, soft smiles and timid waves to those around her while the rest of her family lingers behind. Her brother however glares daggers at me, I ignore him and drag a scrutinizing gaze down to her off white dress.
At this point her antics are so pre-school they bore me.
"Is that why you're not wearing your ring?" I look to Hana, who's looking at the hand around my glass, bare of any jewelry.
I follow her gaze, a look of mild surprise on my face. "I must have forgotten it at home." My tone doesn't sound all that surprised, but I'm tired of this conversation. "Talk to me about something else before I throw myself overboard."
"Fine." Mischief glints in her eyes, "I can't believe you told us all your dad was dead when he was anything but." She glances out into the crowd, her cheeks red and telling me that she's had one too many drinks. "He's kinda hot."