Hurt You - The Weeknd

AdrikDecisions.
They define us, they destroy us.
And mine, although done for the greater scheme of things, have proven to be my demise.
I'd gotten to where I am now because I'd made all the right decisions. I'd gotten what I wanted and was hardly ever denied anything because I knew how to make hard decisions.
Decisions that earned me power. Decisions that transformed that power into a weapon strong enough that those subjected to it would kiss the dirt beneath me if I so much as looked at them like I wanted them to.
And when that power was questioned in the slightest, I had to solidify it in the only way I knew how to.
"Kotoryy strelyal iz pistoleta?"
(Russian Who fired their gun)The stillness that'd fallen over the room doesn't dare break, but I catch it crack with the flicker of a lone gaze.
Three out of the fifteen positioned outside were carrying guns. Now, as they stand before me in the manor foyer, one stands along the left wall, the other along the right and the third stands to the back of the crowd.
I hadn't seen who'd fired the gun nor was I particularly in the right headspace to have been paying attention to anyone but my wife, but it didn't matter.
Nothing mattered anymore.
Not the plan I'd carefully crafted long before I'd gotten here.
Not how repulsed I'd have been to know that a single being would affect me so much.
Not even the very thing that brought me to America seemed to matter anymore.
They seemed minuscule, nothing but side chores keeping me from the one thing I refused to admit- yet was smart enough to see - I wanted. Something I'd never been looking for, something I didn't even believe existed until someone had taken full control of my every thought, emotion and feeling.
The lone flickering gaze of one of my men moves away from the floor, to the left wall and only when his eyes naturally move to me do mine meet his.
It was rare that any of them looked me in the eye after watching me beat the man they once held to a pedestal of a king, and just as quickly as the gaze of the man with a buzz cut comes, does it slide away.
But it's all the confirmation I need.
My patience has long been worn thin, and it's so bad I don't even have enough to count my steps as I approach her.
I stop a foot away, only to step back when the man next to her steps in my path, far too close for my liking. His eyes frantically bolt up to mine while the crookedness of features stand strikingly similar to hers. "Please, my sister didn't mean any harm-"
His words spoken in a slurred rush of Russian die when his eyes trail to the pistol in my hand. I toss him the collectors item and only when he catches it in his hands do I spare him enough to speak.
I nod at his sister behind him, while my eye's stay glued to his. I knew if I looked at the traitor, I wouldn't see a crooked nose and a face that'd scar children for life. I'd see deceived green eyes, messy black hair and smeared red lips that'd trembled when she flinched away from me.
She'd flinched.
As though my touch had seared a deeper wound than the bullet that the woman standing infront of me had shot.
"Kill her." I tell him, nodding to his sister. I slip my gloved hand in my pocket and find the metallic bulb end of a .22 caliber.
The very same bullet that I'd picked up on my pavement days ago, covered in blood. Its existence, outside and away from my wife was the only thread keeping my temper in check. "But the bullet had only skimmed your wife's foot-"
The bullet in my pocket does very little to suppress the outburst of my ill temper when I reach into the lapel of my blazer, pull out my semi- automatic and fire a single shot through his temple.
His eyes are still open when he falls into the arms of his sister, who stifles her scream, while clutching her brother in her arms.
Despite her petrified and trembling, the sight does hardly anything to tame the anger burning my chest. It only flares when my eyes flicker to her nose and memory of the day I'd caught sight of another slightly crooked, bleeding nose resurfaces.
Celina's had healed. Luckily hers hadn't.
I'd asked her what happened. Deemed it as a coincidence.in an attempt to let it go, but ultimately knew that I didn't believe in coincidences.
And so, with a simple step back, I slip my gun back in its place, watching the stress lines on her face soften enough in belief I'd let her off.
When I speak it's to the room. "Cut off her hands for lying to me."
The calmness in my voice must be what scares her enough to drop the dead weight in her arms and run. But unlike the last person who'd run from me, I didn't care if this one lived or died.
She doesn't make it far. Not when a few more of my people grab her by the arms and drag her back towards me, screaming and pleading for her life.
It bores me.
"Is that all?" I look to my left where Dima now stands, watching the woman nearly rip out her own long blonde hair.
Naturally, my gaze drifts up to the chandelier twenty feet above us all, "Hang her." My eyes drift back down to hers. "Use her dried up hair to do it."
My request carries the weight an order from a king would, and I merely stand back and watch.
I'd usually end her pathetic life with a bullet to the head. It'd be clean, simple, fast. But I wanted her to suffer for even thinking she could touch mine and get away with it. For believing that she had.
I stay to watch. Relish in her screams and pleas as all the people she'd once believed to be her family turn on her. Aid in her demise.
Her blood stains the floors, but I have people cleaning as they go. Her pained shrieks grow annoying, but they soon die into choked sobs as my people manage to heed to my orders.
It's a feeling I'd grown to find comfort in. To crave so much that I'd gone to such extremes to gain more of.
Having to speak a simple command and watch as they did everything in their power to adhere to mine. The power of it all was what kept me going. Kept me wanting more.
But as I watch the scene unfold, the feeling flatlines and my vision blurs into a state of nothingness, until all I can feel is my insides caving in while my pockets sink down, heavy with my past mistakes.
One pocket weighted down by a bullet, the other a diamond.
The solitude is not foreign, but the sudden distaste for it is. I use to crave seclusion, now, I find myself wanting nothing more than to feel the pinch of annoyance that came with a rude remark. An inappropriate joke. Dark humor sparking in emerald eyes, amusement twitching from red lips.