SZA - Conceited
CelinaExhaustion.
A terribly potent and utterly depleting feeling.
The muscles in my body had long ago given out, having been exhausted out of the sheer tension I'd put it through. My mind had gone into a void and my senses had all gone numb.
In all my years of training, I hadn't anticipated a situation like this. In fact, it was the utter discomfort and body numbing trepidation that forbade me from even thinking about a situation like this. Trapped in a cold room with those vile, ruthless creatures.
I'd tried to overcome it, simply get over it, but it seemed that even the brightest of minds were victims to irrational fears.
However, it hadn't stopped me from studying my kryptonite.
The Dobermann was one of the most intimidating dog breeds. Known to be aggressive and vicious - especially to strangers.
Only no amount of research could prepare me for the sight of five sets of oversized fangs crowding around me, their fat mouths opening and closing as they snapped at me.
And how was I so sure?
They turned the lights on, forcing me to face my fear, void of any darkness to protect my sanity.
And how had I survived?
Purely off adrenaline.
I had two seconds of peace before they attacked and in that time, I'd realized the left side of the room was barricaded in fenced wire, with a small cut out of a door swung open.
I fought for my life and in the daze somehow, by some fucking miracle, managed to get the five demons into the caged area.
I'd locked them on their side and slumped to the floor while the heathens used my Valentino pumps and a chunk of my dress as chew toys.
A groan rumbles out of my chest as I shift, my ass now numb against the cold cement floor. Minutes had turned to hours of incessant growls, snarls and barks, leaving me sleepless and disturbed.
It'd gotten to the point where basking in my misery took far too much out of me. I'd mentally checked out, allowing everything to fade into a nothingness so quiet the sound of the metal door suddenly creaking open was nothing but a distant echo.
Black perfectly polished shoes come into my line of vision, and I watch them move, ignoring the sunlight filtering through the door behind them. They're slow, purposeful steps that ring in my ears the closer they get while the vibrations of they're weight shakes my entire body slumped against the floor.
There's more chatter that I don't pay any mind to, more movement that I don't let distract me from the one thing in my line of sight.
He's in navy suit today, diamond cuff links glinting beneath the dim light, while his the face of his watch peeks out from beneath his sleeve.
I trail my eyes higher up, past his impeccably perfect collar where his tie sits, up to his naturally sharp jaw while he turns his head to take in the room.
Fresh faced, composed and at ease as he stands so tall, in the center of the room, above it all.
The closer he gets, the more my surroundings flood back into my conscious. The dingy smell, the dogs barking, the aches in my body, yet despite it all, nothing compares to the way he looks down at me.
His eyes, a blue so rich they sparkle, briefly filter with satisfaction before he's back to that indifference.
"Stoy." (stop)
One single command, and everything goes quiet. The dogs sit and immediately lower their heads, a bow of submission all in unison from each of those things that had tried to rip me apart all night.
Turning his back to me, Adrik walks towards the closed up cage. I watch his movements closely, my body tensing when he opens the door, waltzes into the den of heathens and uses the handkerchief at his pocket to pick up one of my chewed up pumps.
He makes his way back to me, only taking his eyes off studying the shoe to examine my figure on the floor. "Sleep well?"
I can hear the hint of glory in his voice as he no doubtedly relishes in my misery.
Irritation sends a dull weight into my chest. He'd won by finding something he could hold over my head. Something that made death look appealing.
He waits patiently for a response, and when I don't give him one, the man drop to his haunches as though he wants a closer look at my misery.
I don't look at him, the clean fresh scent of whatever the fuck he douses himself in making the desire to wipe that almost satisfied look from his face that much stronger.
It's only when the bottom of my pump brushes the skin beneath my chin, and he uses it to tilt my face up towards his, that I meet his gaze.
Blue eyes flicker across my face and he tilts his head ever so slightly,"Tell me, have I broken my prisoner already?" The closest hint of amusement creeps onto his perfect features as he gives one single shake of his head. "And here I was thinking it'd be hard to break you."
His smugness isn't outwardly obvious, nor does he make a show of it, but the knowledge of it sitting just beneath the surface of his cool exterior eats away at my sanity.
It takes all of my efforts to build up the strength to slap him across the face, but the rush of satisfaction it brings makes it worth it.
His head doesn't veer to the side, he doesn't even flinch. He merely narrows his eyes at me a fraction of an inch while he slowly brings a thumb to swipe at his bottom lip.
I watch his gaze as it drops to the dribble of blood on his thumb, while his face remains impassive.
It's that blank look that makes his actions so surprising when he tips my shoe, and pushes the heel into my throat. "It pleases me that you've had a taste of how it feels to be truly miserable." The sharp edge, coated in slobber digs into my throat almost painfully, but I don't flinch away from it. "Seeing as your presence has been doing just that since you walked into my life."
"Then let me go."
Choosing to ignore me, the man stands and tosses my Valentino pump aside like it's nothing. "What you pulled last night, although subpar, earned you an ounce of leverage," slipping a hand into the pocket of his slacks, Adrik goes back to looking down at me. "But don't think for a second that you can hold it over my head."