The Neighbourhood - Everybody's Watching

CelinaI was a child when my dread for the loveless notion that was marriage began and eighteen when I realized I wasn't going to ever get married.
The idea of being tied to a man did nothing but fill my head with tempting images of throwing myself off a cliff and that was before I'd realized my fate as a woman born into the world of organized crime.
When my-then-father first proposed the idea of an arranged marriage, I killed the man I was to be betrothed to, and lost my virginity to the first man that wasn't terrified of my -then- father.
Silvio Ademaro had thrown a fit when he'd found out, but unlike he did with most things, he came to accept my decision and eventually, grew to protect it.
He'd turn down any man who was brave enough to ask for my hand and cut ties with anyone who tried to force it.
Which is why this would throw him over the edge.
That is if I did it correctly.
if I wanted to truly hit Silvio Ademaro where it hurt, I needed to sell this shit like it was real. Meaning whatever half assed marriage Adrik was proposing, wasn't going to cut it.
"How much longer are you going to stand there looking obtuse?" If impatience was an annoyingly handsome asshole with a stick shoved up its ass, Adrik Kozlov would be the face of it. Sure it went against his unbothered nature but so did this marriage document he was nodding towards. "Sign it."
"Calm your tits," I mumble brining the back end of the pen to my lips and attempting to skim my eyes over the words. "I'm not signing this until I get a little more than being allowed in your personal space." The deadpanned look I send him makes his eyes narrow.
But I'm not backing down. We'd need to sell us as a couple, not as a pair of enemies who couldn't stand to be in the same room as each other.
After a long moment that's occupied by him as he drags his gaze from the pen in my mouth to my eyes, his narrow even further. "I'll consider it."
"You'll consider it?" Now it's me narrowing my eyes at him in frustration.
The blissfully arrogant look across his face doesn't falter as he adjusts his cuff links. "I'd be a lot easier to accept your terms if you weren't so-" his eyes move back down to the pen in my mouth and I briefly wonder if he's going to physically shudder to drive his point further. "Disgustingly unsanitary."
"How sweet of you." I smile, but even then I find myself forcing it as I drag my gaze to his empty fingers."You'll also need to eventually wear a ring."
He levels me with a deadpanned look, one that's almost offended. "I don't wear useless jewelry." Ignoring the watch on his wrist, I realise that this is yet another distinction that sets us apart.
While he was boring with his skin void of any accessories, I found a piece of myself in every piece of gold that I wore on a regular basis.
I hold up my hand and watch the diamond glint in the light. An engagement ring large enough for any bystander to gasp over sits atop my ring finger. So dramatic and extra that I already begin to feel the dread that comes with standing there and nodding along to anyone that begins to dawn over it."If I'm weighted down so are you."
I expect him to protest, and much like everything he's done until this point, be difficult. But he walks forward, slips his hands in his pockets and gives a shrug. "Sign the papers and I'll consider it."
The early morning sun filtering through the windows cast as a glow across his face, his features turning almost angelic but there's a darkness beneath his stare that on any other day I'd grow weary of.
Why is he so eager to get me to sign?
It's a question I'd ponder over, use to exploit him over.
But today, as a pressure begins to form behind my eyelids and the familiar alcohol induced grogginess takes over my senses, I do no such thing.
Without another thought, I turn around, lean over his desk and sign my name.
It's arguably the dumbest thing I've ever done. Reading through it would be the optimal option. His impatience around me signing a clear indication that he's most likely slipped something I won't like in there, but I decide that it's going to be an issue for a day where I'm not emotionally exhausted and dealing with a raging hangover.
The moment the ink is sets on the page, I straighten, turn and slap the pages to his chest before making my way to the door.
"Where do you think you're going?" Comes his voice from behind me, and despite being across the room, his voice rings clear and loud.
Fingers to my temple, I turn and heave a sigh. "We can discuss the details of this shit after I've slept my hangover off."
A beat of silence from him before he speaks. "You're drunk." He concludes, tilting his head at me and rolling the contract in his hand up into a cylinder.
"No." I deadpan, my voice as unimpressed as I feel about his observation. "You're presence is just that intoxicating."
He doesn't find my remark funny as he approaches me, but something akin to intrigue sparks in his eyes as he begins to regard me. "You signed your life away, to me while drunk?"
Well, when he put it like that I sounded like i'd stooped to a pathetic low.
Pushing any visible vulnerability aside, I do what feels comfortable. "Does it make you feel bad?" I pout, stepping towards him.
He's so much taller than me when I'm not wearing my heels, I don't even have to change my expression into one of taunting compliance, all I have to do is stare up at him through my lashes. "Does the idea of taking advantage of me stir up your gentlemanly moral compass?"
He seems to find something about that amusing, so amusing that he brushes the submissive look on my face off by urging my chin up with the tip of the papers in his hands. "Not at all."
He doesn't smile but his amusement shines in his eyes. It's dark and rooted in something that'll most likely result in putting me at a serious low and unsettling. So unsettling that I brush his touch off and storm towards the door, my mood dampened by the realisation of who id just gotten into business with.
"I can't wait until you're dead." I murmur under my breath when I get a good distance away from him and towards the door. But it seems like super hearing is one of the countless qualities the man posses because just as I turn the handle, I hear his faint hum.