The Weeknd - In The Night

Celina"I love you."
"You never loved me!"
"Yes I do... what are you trying to say, Alejandro?"
The man doesn't speak, instead, his hands pry at his face until the prosthetics fall and reveal a completely different person."You don't love me, you love my brother-"
The violin flatlines, her gasp, dramatic in its efforts blares from the speaker while the screen replay's the scene, over and over again until I reach across the bed, grab the remote and shut the T.V off.
With a newfound sense of peace, I bring my attention back to my laptop screen and proceed with organizing the various forms of information I'd gathered into an encrypted folder.
Movement from the corner of my eye drags my focus to little Four Eyes who crawls across the bed, grabs the remote from my hand and turns the daytime soap opera back on.
I look at him. He looks at me. And only when I reach for the remote does he hold it out of my reach and in an attempt to communicate his message, he sits on the remote. As if his five pounds of bones will do anything but fall to the floor with one single kick of my foot.
I debate following through with the idea, unfortunately, my conscious thinks better of it.
"Fine." I drag my eyes to the screen where the show i'd forced myself to watch last night- in an act self- punishment blares, "In the end, she kills him and ends up marrying the brother."
A sigh, as heavy as one could get from an abnormally small six year old echos in the room and with a satisfied chuckle, I move my attention back to my laptop.
Once again, movement catches my eye but this time after he's switched off the T.V, he crawls towards me and plants himself right into my side, staring between my laptop screen and my face, his words clear.
What are you doing?
I hover over the folder, before returning my gaze to his questioning one. "Can you keep a secret?"
The kid doesn't talk, of course he can.
The question is meant to be a light one, not one that forces discomfort into his small frame as he nods tensely, looking to his lap.
And as if that's not enough for my perceptive mind, I force his head up to see his eyes, watery beneath the frames of his glasses.
I lightly nudge his shoulder, "I'm joking." Yet despite my words thrown in nonchalance, his haunted face stays engrained in my mind, leaving such a mark that I feel the need to know why, who and what is causing it.
I'd destroy it.
Despite wanting to, I don't pry. I have no right, he's not my responsibility, he's just a cute kid, one whose family I was plotting the demise of.
When his body relaxes against mine, I force my eyes back to the screen and speak to distract him. "I have folders with dirt on everyone that's pissed me off or wronged me."
I click into the folder labeled, Ana Ademaro. "I'm drafting up your mother's right now." I study his reaction. "You're not gonna snitch are you?"
The kid didn't talk, but that didn't mean he couldn't.
I'd caught glimpses of it in the whispers under his breath when he sounded out words in a book, or when he was teaching himself to count past a hundred.
He had yet to say anything to me, but I didn't mind. His silence made his company bearable. It was a good distraction from what my life here had consisted of. Sleeping in, eating and trying to do everything in my power not to think about him.
Enzo shakes his head and points back to my screen, where I happily skim through the various photos and documents I'd dug up on his psycho of a mother.
I'd meant it when I told Adrik I didn't need him anymore.
I was taking revenge into my own hands. Getting it from the inside out.
It was more enjoyable this way. Watching the discomfort I brought with being a guest in their own home. The fear, the suspicion and the best part of it all was watching them slowly loose it.
My first victim was already well on her way to insanity.
Silvio Ademaro's wife cared for her image, kept it squeaky clean for the sake of the cliquey elite city housewives she'd forced herself into. I slowly destroyed it by feeding her maids stories of her drug problems.
She took meal suppressant pills to keep her figure, I replaced them with sleeping pills.
She had a scalp therapist in once a week for treatments to promote hair health, I'd put a few drops of bleach in her shampoo to promote hair loss.
My crimes were petty, but effective in their nature.
I was saving the real damage for later, for after I stole the star debutant crown from her daughter, whom which she was clearly pathetically living vicariously through.
Something beneath the covers buzzes, the simple vibration minuscule, yet derails my entire train of thought. So much so, that, I can't help but lift my phone and click on the multiple notifications from yet another unknown number.
Your grandmother misses you.
She wants you to come back.
She will give you anything
you want if you come back.I blocked his number the first time. But that hadn't stopped him from texting me from another. When I blocked that one, he got a new one.
In the three days since I'd seen him, I'd blocked his number six times, and every time he came back with another.
He was abnormally obsessive and had I been a sane woman, I'd get a restraining order.
But I was the farthest thing from sane because I found a strange sense of comfort in the constant reminder of his misery.
I stare at the messages, a smile gracing my lips at the forced composure in his tone. Even through texts he can't hide the desperation.