How To Disappear - Lana Del Rey
AdrikI'd read three hundred and thirty seven books by the time i'd turned thirteenth. I read everything from Moby-Dick to Quantum Mechanics The Theoretical Minimum.
If I didn't know something, I eventually read about it.
I knew everything there was to know about anything and everything. And because of this, I grew meticulous, particular, peculiar. I knew I was different. Special.
My father beat me for it.
And She put me through hell because of it.
There was never a time in my life where I truly ached for an answer I couldn't find in a study, a paper, a book.
But this feeling. The one that was to blame for the tremble in my hands, the heaviness in my chest and the antsiness in my veins. I knew the answer couldn't be found in any form of written text.
Not when the object of my attention isn't something I've read about, but someone I can't bring myself to look away from.
Darkness encases the room, but I can still see her. There's a flush to her cheeks, a natural part to her lips, and then there are her eyes.
Dazed, at ease and sparkling with something so infatuating, I fear the answers I'm looking for are lost within its depths.
My hands smooth down soft skin, bruised from moments ago where the same hands had gripped, squeezed and pushed.
My fingertips linger like it's all I can do to calm myself and she lets me.
She really shouldn't let me.
I touch her lips, the vein in her neck where her pulse thrums, and finally I smooth a hand down her sides as a silent heaviness settles between us.
"What?" Theres a soft rasp to her voice, her anger gone and replaced with a vulnerable tiredness as though she's begun to process what i'd just done. What we'd just done.
My fingers trace further down, to her hips where her legs are still wrapped around my torso. I graze the rough pad of gauze there and she flinches. It's more so an internal reaction than obvious, and I feel it only because she's so close.
I tilt my head down and pull away slightly to get a view of it. I can't see anything in the dark, but I can feel the sloppiness of her application, the carelessness when it comes to keeping it clean. I cant help but wonder how she'd managed to survive this long on her own.
Slowly, I pull the gauze off, and skim my fingers over my near perfect stitching. She was lucky I'd memorized The Surgeons Guide To A Perfect Stitch years ago.
However she doesn't even seem to be paying too attention to me, instead, she tightens her legs around me and tightens her hands on my shoulders.
She'd scratched and dug her nails into me, strong enough to sting and hard enough to scar. Yet for once in my life, i'm not bothered about the ugliness scars bring, but by the memories they'll provoke.
"What are you thinking about?" She asks, her voice is slightly guarded, eyes boring into me too curiously to tell me she doesn't care about my response.
I'd given into her in a haze of anger and something else. Thinking I needed to get this infatuation out of my system in order to get past this feeling. Yet now, as I hold onto her body , still hot and trembling from coming so hard around me, I feel like a complete fool.
"You don't want to know." I supply, kicking the clothes on the floor aside before slowly pulling her off me, and setting her down on her feet. Forcing her into a marriage aside, the girl was terrified of true commitment, that much was clear. And scaring her off before I got the chance to really do as I pleased with her wasn't something I was ready to do just yet.
I side step her and move further into the shadows before peeling off whats left of my clothes. She can see my face, but my body is concealed from the light, and despite this she still steals a glance and stares like she wants nothing more than to see me bare before her.
That wasn't something I was planning on ever letting happen.
"Do you..." I rise to my full height, tucking myself back into my boxers when I sense her near me and reach out to touch my chest. Her hand is small, cold, and feels so foreign, I can't help but tense. "Regret it?"The question is far from soft.
My hand covers hers on my chest and before she can explore the parts of me I hate to look at much less let others see, I wretch her hand away and use the grip to pull her towards me before ripping a chunk of cloth from my already ripped t-shirt.
I turn back towards her and slowly drag it down the trickles of my release dripping from her stomach down to her thighs that tremble slightly, as though it's difficult for her to stand.
I'd watched her come. Heard her cry my name. Felt her squeeze around me.
I should regret it. I'd come this long without giving into the temptation that was a woman. For years, I fought it away so easily, never straying from the goal, going only as far as i'd permitted.
Yet every single sense of control i'd built up all these years had vanished in a matter of minutes if not seconds for her.
I'd fucked her, out of pure hatred and need.
I'd voluntarily pushed inside her. Over and over again as I chased a high I'd never experienced before and relished in a feeling I didn't know could feel so fucking good.
I came fast, she came faster. I got lucky there.
But worst of all, I wanted to do it again.
And if the lights were on and she glanced down, she'd see just how ready I was to do it over and over again, if it meant feeling her around me.
Do I regret it?
Reality crashes into the clouded haze in my mind that comes with being near her, one pessimistic thought at a time.
Her words come back to me.
"There's only one reason a woman fucks a boy like you."
"For the status or to get pregnant."
"Adrik?" I realize I'm dropped on my haunches, dragging the cloth over the same path,
If skin, until I've scrubbed so hard I know her skins gone red.