Song The Hills (Slowed)
Celina"At least, I can now tell Seb I wasn't lying when I said we were saving ourselves for marriage."
The man who's face is practically against mine, pulls away an inch, it's not far but it's enough for that murderous hue of blue to filter through his gaze. "You'd be talking to a corpse then."
I don't question that threat. Not when his confession from moments ago still sits heavy between us.
What if I was?
He'd finally admitted to being jealous. Yet it didn't feel all that satisfying knowing I'd been right. Instead, I feel... slightly dizzy, nauseous yet giddy at the thought.
I don't like it one bit. And so, I ignore it, flickering my eyes around the perfect angles of his face, forcing a nonchalant smirk. "You really are jealous."
"That's not jealously, D'yavolenok." He pulls back even farther, bringing the bottle of vodka to his lips and taking yet another long sip. I don't recognize the brand, nor can I read the label thats obviously in Russian. But theres something so provocative in the way he does it.
"umhm," I hum, yet I can't seem to focus on what he's on about. "Then what is it?" Not when he's far too distracting.
I cant seem to take my eyes off how the neck of the bottle looks so small in his perfectly sized hand, or how his lips, plump and pink look so perfectly wet as he wraps them around the lip of the bottle.
And then there are his eyes. Hypnotically blue, dazed and lazy as he watches me with his head slightly tipped back and his throat bobbing as he chases the vodka down with nothing but his words delivered in a harsh breath. "That's the desire to kill."
I flicker my gaze up to him, his words and threat to kill Seb clear through the Russian tyrant induced haze.
"Well, save that desire for someone else." I murmur, reaching for the bottle suddenly parched.
He lifts it over his head, effortlessly out of my reach, and towers over me. I narrow my eyes up at him. "I thought you said you'd share."
His tongue peeks out to trace the drop of vodka left on his lower lip, "I changed my mind."
"Why?" A breeze drifts in from somewhere, while the pouring outside begins to slowly drown out the rational part of my mind telling me his proximity is nothing but a catalyst for bad decisions.
"You're disgusting." He murmurs, yet the way he gazes down at me says otherwise. Nor does the swaying of his body as he lean into me he'll his case.
"That didn't stop you a minute ago." It's as if he's taunting me when he brings the bottle to his lips and takes yet another sip. A taunt I can't help but watch carefully. Daringly, I meet his gaze. "Nor did it stop you last night."
Thunder rumbles, trees sway, while lightning fuels a spark between us.
He doesn't indulge in my bold statement, doesn't show so much as a reaction, nor does he bother to entertain me with a response. It's as though the alcohol in his bloodstream solidifies his self restraint, because instead of indulging, Adrik veers us in a safer direction. "That was before I realized you've been wearing that shirt of yours for the past three days."
I don't relent.
I merely tilt my head down to my oversized comfort shirt, and smooth a hand down to the hem that falls to my bare upper thigh. I couldn't quite find the time to grab a change of clothes between him holding me hostage to the Hamptons and then getting shot at. "Would it make you feel better if I said it was actually Seb's?"
I know the man too well not to step back, and prepare to run if I need to, but it seems as though he knows me all too well when he grabs said shirt, and drags me right towards him. "I'm surprised that Paperclip's shirt fits you so oversized." Theres a low bite to his tone, one he tries but fails to hide.
I can't help but smile. "You calling me fat, Kozlov?"
He looks less than amused, bunching the material of my shirt up like he wants it off my body and not because he wants to see me in nothing but a red lace bra. "I'm calling him small, Kozlov."
I debate shutting the fuck up, knowing better than to egg on a man who finds murder more appealing than smiling, but on the other hand, the man deserves every bit of torture for treating me the way he's been.
And so, I bite my lip so seriously he has no choice but to focus on my mouth as I respond. "You'd be surprised how big his dick is-"
Another tug of my shirt and i'm so close, I can feel his breath tickle my forehead. It's too controlled and still to be normal. "You're really fucking annoying." He doesn't give me a chance to respond. Not when his hand fisting my shirt creeps up to grab my jaw, and with a harsh push, he's tilting my head back and tipping the bottle into my mouth.
He forces the drink into my mouth, and down my throat. While he stares down at me like I'm the dirt beneath his expensive shoe. "For someone you claim to care about, you really are gambling with his life."
I don't respond, I cant with the burn down my throat as the vodka - far stronger than i've had before as I try not to flinch. Instead, we stare at each other, blue eyes clash with green, until I cant take it and close my mouth, swallowing the mouthful of vodka before I choke on it. Only that doesn't seem to stop him from pouring.
Vodka spills onto my chin, down my neck, and soaks my shirt, and its only after the material is drenched, the bottle is emptied and I instinctively pull back, does he stop.
"What the fuck!" I snap.
"Oops." His voice is far too dry and his gaze far too pointed as he walks back to the island, slowly twists the cap onto the empty bottle and tosses it into the garbage for me to believe it was a genuine oops.
I glare, he turns away from me and occupies himself with collecting my finished plates, and putting them into the dish washer. He disregards my existence to the point where the buzz of vodka clouding my mind unfilters my rage.
I retaliate in the most logical way.
I take off my shirt, ball it up and just as he grabs another bottle of that strong as shit vodka, I chuck the wet shirt at him. "You can ruin this one all you want. I'll run off to him and gladly get another one." The wet material slaps against his shoulder, before falling onto the ground.
He goes rigid, before ever so carefully setting the bottle onto the island, and its only when he's turned towards me, with his gaze on the wet t-shirt by his feet, do I watch his body, tight corded muscles, and hard jaw, pick up the shirt, slowly toss it into the garbage and look to me, do I realize I'd pushed a little it too far.