Billie Eilish - birds of a feather

AdrikPeople are terrible, these American's are no better.
They waste their money either because they want others to think they can or have nothing better to do. They spend their time on useless things, like sitting around and betting on young women in the name of charity. But most of all, they don't stop talking.
They ask questions even when I don't answer them. They pry, even when I don't speak. They're nosy and I begin to question why I'd voluntarily agreed to subject myself to this torture in the first place.
"Well, this is an all new level of ass kissing." I'm given an answer in the sound of her voice.
It's the first she's made a sarcastic retort in days. The first she's spoken and sounded remotely like the woman I knew all too well.
"Excuse me?" The woman standing before us splutters, the man at her side barely bats an eye, his focus on his phone as he holds it out for my contact information.
Tech millionaire. New money. He bored me the rest.
I'd refused his, he didn't get the hint and asked for mine while his date decided it was a good idea to join the one sided conversation.
Good ideas. These Americans didn't have those either.
The woman, who I now believe is incapable of shutting up, turns to the woman on my left, her face red. "You are so not getting my vote tonight."
Red painted nails, long and sharp slip through the fabric of my blazer and rest around my bicep.
She smiles, it's fake but I steal a glance, and take in the sigh of it entirely. Her cheeks still crinkle at the edges of her smile, her chin dimples. It's almost too distracting. "And you're not getting him in your bed tonight, so why don't you go bore someone else to death with your company."
When I turn to said company, she looks outraged. As though she's never been subjected to my wife's charming way with words.
I like it. This woman clearly doesn't.
"That's not-" she looks to me, as though I'd ever defend anyone but the woman at my side. "That was completely inappropriate. Could you like... say something to her?"
With a sigh, I turn to my wife. "You're scarring the company away." Again.
Deep understanding sparks in her eyes, "You're welcome."
My lips twitch when I look at hers. Red, plump and tipped at the corners. I could kiss them right now and she wouldn't stop me.
Dangerous. It was a dangerous temptation. Because if she didn't stop, neither would I. Not until I got her out of here and to where I wanted her. Alone and all mine.
"Now," possession warms her touch when she steps forward, "Why don't you walk away before I get real inappropriate and snap your dainty little neck with my bare hands and feed them to his dogs for a midnight snack."
Her date finally snaps into our conversation and in a matter of seconds they're rushing off, away from us.
Satisfaction eases my breath while I stare into the crowded ballroom. I hate the crowd, the networking, the noise. From the moment we'd walked in with the other debutants, on display, I wanted out. And yet I hadn't left.
I lean over to whisper in her ear, the warm rush of vanilla rooting me in place. "Jealous?"
"There's nothing to be jealous of." The airy edge to her tone firms when she turns her head to look at me. "I'd kill her without batting an eye and you'd probably enjoy it."
Without a doubt.
I like her mean and violent almost as much as I liked her devious and cunning.
When I dip my head, my nose drags along her silky hair, past her temple and down to her ear. "It'd turn me on."
Much like everything else she does.
Emerald eyes, a shade so pretty I'd sought in it everything drop to my mouth. "I bet you'd help me."
"I would." I murmur low enough for just us to hear. "And then I'd fuck you senseless."
My comment actually manages to pull a smile from her lips. Not a smirk, not a simple twitch of her lips. A full blown smile.
It's been so long since I've seen it, I nearly loose all train of the thoughts I'd had moments ago. It stills me, a mesmerizing sight that I can't help reach forward and trace with my thumb. "I missed this." I murmur.
I missed her smile. Her voice. Her eating habits. Every little thing that she did when she wasn't so hurt.
I regret the words the moment her lips fall in the memory of my implication. I hadn't felt guilt until I felt hers. It didn't make sense, then again none of this did.
She shouldn't be so sad. She shouldn't feel responsible. And watching her shouldn't hurt this much.
But it did. It does.
I thought I'd seen difficulty, lived through hell, felt true despair. Watching her cry made me realize I hadn't known any of it. Not until the burn in my chest confirmed that I'd do anything in my power to stop it. To fix it.
It feels impossible to do when she pulls away at the sound of the announcer. Pissy's voice blares, a disturbance that sours my mood. "I kindly ask everyone to make their way back to their seats while I introduce our debutants one final time..."
The rest of what she says fades as I follow my date who hurries to a table. Her hair sways down her spine in her backless dress, the dark fabric falls past her ankles and carries along the floor.
I follow its trail, until she lowers herself to a table and I take the seat next to hers.
Celina sits tense, and it isn't until I follow her gaze across the table to Sabrina Ademaro and her mother that I realize why.
It's me they look at, though. Both uncomfortable and weary, while their eyes remain alert on me. It only confirms they believed the lie I'd had Alessio Galanti feed them.
That I shot Silvio Ademaro.
It's partly unbelievable. If I had been the one to shoot him, I wouldn't have missed and let him live."Then we have Celina Kozlov," I look to Pissy at the sound of my wife's name and tune back into what she's sayifg. "Celina is a bright girl studying political science at Oxford," Pissy's eyes flicker in our direction, she clears her throat. "She's also a... nice young woman."