Lorde - Glory and Gore
Moscow, Russia
Seven Months AgoSnow falls, the day reads the thirteenth, while the crisp November air filters through the open window.
One. Two. Three.
The third knock is much lighter than the others. I pull open my door, and she enters, her cart in tow.
Routine moves me back to the seat at the window, compulsion darts my eyes to her array of disinfectant sprays, while her silence settles what disorder another presence in my space brings.
Until she's not silent anymore. "Sir, you have a visitor."
My eyes dart past her mops to the living space outside, spotless and empty. A single glance back to her is all my housekeeper needs to understand me. "It's one of those twins." She begins at my library, carefully pulling each book from the shelf and wiping it like she'd been doing since I was a child. "The one that visits my room too often."
I move to the door, she calls after me. "Tell him I'm shipping my daughter to the ocean if he keeps coming at night when I'm sleeping." Her words are long forgotten when I walk out of my bedroom, and to the door that separate my space from the rest of this place.
The hinges creak, six people stand outside the hallway, all peeked at the sound, while their eyes soak in the sight of me.
Thirty thousand square meters of space in this palace and yet I couldn't breathe without someone whispering about my whereabouts. Asking for my orders. Reporting my every move.
I let Dima inside where he hurries, knowing to make it quick for it's only a matter of time before my mother hears of my visitor and comes running.
The door clicks shut and I instantly look at him.
He's back too soon. Why.
"Zlata has run to America." He speaks in a hushed tone, while I tense at the news. "Do you suppose she knows of your plans?"
If she did, Dima would have be hung before everyone under my mother's influence as a symbol of what would become of a traitor.
I offer a simple response. "No."
"There's more." He hesitates. "She's been captured by Italians. They think you sent her as a spy."
That sours my mood but doesn't surprise me. My sister was good for one thing, ruining all that she touched.
If she's been captured, she's been compromised. My sister wasn't all that strong, nor could she be trusted not to talk. If she knew anything of my plans, it'd complicate things.
She wasn't worth the complication she'd bring.
My mind works fast and forms a plan. "Arrange a call with Alessio Galanti." I'd been maintaining peace with the Italian Don, I wouldn't let Zlata ruin it. I also wouldn't be foolish enough to use a phone within a twenty kilometer radius of this place. My mother had it all tapped.
"It's not Alessio Galanti that's captured her." His words make me pause. "It's a man called Silvio Ademaro."
Of course, the name rings a bell, I'd studied any and every potential threat that I'd face when it was time to go to America. Dima, however had been there and met them all on my behalf. "Will he be a problem?"
"He doesn't like Russians at all." At his somber tone, I reach for my phone and navigate to the folder I'd compiled, full of information on any and every Italian.
Studying our enemies was a necessity.
I navigate to the one named Ademaro.
There I find Silvio, his wife and their three children. They're the perfect family. He's the perfect father.
Shame, they'll be anything but when I'm done with them.
"What do you want me to do?" Dima asks, his tone hushed.
Mine's firm. "Inform the others, we leave for America tonight."

Adrik"She's dead."
I have yet to catch sight of his face, but I spot the rise of his shoulders, the drop of the fork in his hand and the way he stands, so sudden and serious as he excuses himself from the dinner table.
"What?" Disbelief coats his fear stricken voice.
I drive forward, it's nothing but a few feet in distance but enough to catch the lights flicker on as he appears through the window of his office.
"This is all your fault." My voice is calm and quiet. Nothing but a murmur as I watch from behind the wheel. Waiting. "You let my sister go instead of handing her over to me. You let her live and she used it to kidnap your daughter."
"It was my daughter for your sister." The older man shakes his head, as though my words are nothing but a lie. "You were the one who suddenly refused."
His statement takes me back to a simpler time. A time where I'd landed in America, planned to kidnap his daughter in exchange for my sister.
I'd planned three run ins with Sabrina Ademaro, used her sheltered naivety to my advantage. I'd done it for my sister's life. She threatened what I was planning, and so, I wanted to end it.
Things took a turn the day I sent men to Silvio's jet. And everything changed when I met Celina Ademaro.
She was the biggest complication I'd ever faced, and the only one I couldn't bear getting rid of.
"If Celina's dead..." Voice cracking, his words are so unsettling, I can do nothing but rub my chest as the thought feels catastrophic. "It's your fault. You let it happen."
His accusation ebbs at my composure. My hands tighten around the steering wheel and I watch him move to the lockbox behind his desk and punch in the pin.
Four clicks, three consecutive, the last a millisecond later.
Eleven thirteen.
Her birthday.
He pulls a gun from the safe and tucks it behind his back. "She was safe with me-"
I hang up.
The seed's been planted, I didn't need to stick around for his incessant whining.