Two Feet - Her Life

CelinaI wake to heat.
It aches.
Burning a trail so hot between my thighs, the bliss pushes on my hips, urging them to move.
It's wet and warm. Suffocating and intense. So strong, it turns me into a writhing mess.
Strangled and heavy, a moan slips from my lips, while his bury deeper, working me so good I can do nothing but cry out.
Sunlight blares into my eyes, and on instinct, I tip my head down to the mass of hair buried between my legs.
Strong arms wrap around my thighs, holding them open, while the weight of him pins me down.
"Fuck." It's a breathless pant on my lips, while my pulse thrums harder with each rough lap and every vicious stroke.
Adrik sucks my clit into his mouth, flattening his tongue down my slit and at my voice, his eyes lift, connecting with mine.
I try to speak, it's a mess of broken murmurs. He eases his tongue inside me, it's a suffocating thrill that seizing every nerve and places it in his rough hands.
I'm his to touch and play with. His to push over the edge.
I'm at his mercy. Only he offers none. Not when the softness of his touch stirs into something far harder, more carnal, entirely possessive.
My hands find the damp strands of his hair before tugging on them as hard as I can. He merely groans. I feel it everywhere.
It courses through me, arching my back off the mattress while his hand slides up to my stomach, and with one push, he holds me down and continues thrusting his tongue in and out of me, stopping to suck and flick my clit, occasionally.
"Adrik." My eyes roll, his stay glued to my face, and with the skill of a perfectionist, he makes me come undone with his tongue alone.
It wracks through me with a rough cry. My legs tremble, my body spasms, and my nails scrape his scalp.
He doesn't stop.
Not when I come in his mouth, not when the wet heat of his tongue laps every last bit of my release and not even when I begin to squirm at the overstimulation.
He licks me clean, whist his fingers skim up and down the sides of my thighs, coaxing me down from my high.
It's only after I've come down from such an intense high, that I find it in me to speak. "Morning."
He pulls back to nip at my inner thigh. "Afternoon." He corrects, voice hoarse and slightly breathless.
I don't register what he's saying, I'm too busy staring at his face. His pale cheeks are flushed a faint pink, his lips swollen and glistening while his eyes spark a dazed electric blue.
I back in the feel of him and his lips as they trail up higher and higher, until he's hovering over me, with his arms on either side of my head, and his lips at my jaw. "How'd you sleep?"
Thick and throaty, the tone of his question tells me he knows the answer to his question. While the smile against my skin proves he'd seen the bliss on my face, felt the ease in my limbs.
Again. I want him to do whatever the fuck he'd just done to me again. Over and over until im dead.
My chest heaves, short pants escape my lips, while my hands bury into his hair and I pull his face to mine. "How'd you get so skilled with your mouth?"
He watches me watch him. A curve forming on his lips. "Are you jealous?"
Perhaps that's what this is.
"Yes." There's a bite to my tone, as my hands slide down to grip his neck before my fingers trace his lips. "How many women have had these lips?" I murmur.
A part of me doesn't want to know, the other part, doesn't want peace.
He catches the tips of my fingers between his teeth, before slipping them further into his mouth and sucking on them.
But it's the way he's looking at me that tells me he likes my confession more than he's letting on.
He releases my fingers with a soft pop and speaks in a whisper against my fingertips. "Just one."
I'll kill her and make it so very painful.
"I wouldn't recommend retaliation, though." His voice is light, his palm warm as it slips beneath my shirt and itches it higher. "She may be stubborn and bratty but she can hold her own in a fight."
Cold air brushes my warm skin whist his lips find the swells of my breast.
He leaves a trail of chaste kisses across the skin, it's so distracting, it takes me a moment to realise he's talking about me. Only me.
It brings a smile to my face, while my chest loosens before tightening again. "She sounds hot." I sigh and loosen my hold on him. "You should be grateful she's giving you the time of day."
He sucks my skin, a low noise escaping the back of his throat and falling against mine. "Never said she wasn't."
This time, the throb pierces my chest. Marking itself as a burning sensation that overwhelms every thought I have about him. I can't describe the feeling nor do I think it has a name. But if it did, it'd be his.
"What's wrong?" Perceptive as ever, Adrik lifts his head and narrows his eyes at me.
A second longer and he'll know.
I blink it away and lower my gaze down between us.
We'd ditched our wet clothes from the storm and kept them off even after we'd fucked. Yet here I lay, clad in his black T-shirt, while he wears his boxers.
His hair smells of my shampoo, his skin of my soap, while traces of my mouthwash linger on his breath. "Did you shower again?" He'd put me in his shirt, but it smelled of detergent instead of yesterday's downpour. "And do laundry?"
"You wouldn't wake up." He speaks in murmurs, between each mark he sucks onto my skin. "I got bored." Dark eyes find mine, and he licks his lips, his voice dropping. "Until I wasn't anymore."